DCF-2074
(REVISED 09/27/2008) STATE OF CONNECTICUT
DEPARTMENT OF CHILDREN AND FAMILIES
INVESTIGATION PROTOCOL

Case Name: Barbra Pelletier Case Number: 422925

9/8/21 ISW received a TC from Birth23 coordinator reporting that the referral has been accepted and that they will be calling mother.


9/8/21 ISW TC CPS MA Ongoing SW, Courtney Seimon ph# 413-896-4617. Courtney confirms that father has visits with his children in MA on Wednesday's and Friday's. Ms. Seimon confirms that mother does join these visits with father to have the children spend time with their sibling. Ms. Seimon reports she has no concerns with mother. Ms. Seimon reports her concerns are with father.

Ms. Seimon reports that their was an investigation on mother with CPS MA but that was closed out. Ms. Seimon reports that she believes this was a "vindictive report" made by Becky Barnes. Ms. Seimonn reports that this happens often between Ms. Barnes and Mr. Barnes. Ms. Seimon provides ISW with ph# 413-205-0500 to request CPS MA records.


9/8/21  ISW TC CPS MA and s/w Roxy ph#413-205-0500 to request records from CPS MA. Roxy advised ISW to send a letter of records
request to f# 413-205-0650.


9/8/21 ISW faxed a RECORDS REQUEST letter to fax # 413-205-0650.

9/8/21 ISW sent an IFCS referral via electronically.

9/8/21 ISW received the DMV/NCIC/CRIM check results as follows:

9/9/21 ISWTC Cooley Dickinson OBGYN ph# 413-586-9866 and s/w Jill. Jill reports that the office received ISW fax of the ROI and will have Amy Mid-Wife call ISW back directly with any questions ISW may have. Jill confirms that Amy is in the office today.


9/9/21 ISW TC



9/9/21 ISW conducted a scheduled HV with mother and child. ISW arrived with appropriate PPE. Mother answere the room door. Mother was
observed to appear fatigue. Mother reports she has been having a rough couple of days this week and her anxiety is high. Mother was
observed to have rapid speech when speaking with ISW. Mother further reports that she has been in communication with her therapist about
it and she will be increasing the dose for her Adderall soon. Mother reports her ADHD has been pretty bad this week. Mother denies any SI/HI.
Mother reports she has been dealing with father's wife causing drama because mother was in Palmer, MA with father fixing her car. mother was only up there fixing her car and to get a break and allow the family to spend time with Renesmee, mother reports this is nice for her she gets to relax a bit whereas at home it is just her and the baby. Mother further reports that she and father are still not together and she doesn't plan on being with him. ISW asked mother if she was ever engaged to father. Mother reports she was in the past but left him due to him going back with to his wife, Becky Barnes approximately 7 times. ISW asked mother why she continued to take him back and mother reports she stayed with him because of the relationship she had with his older children and the 4 children that were removed from his care.
Mother proceeded to show ISW the engagement ring father gave her that was observed to be in the ring box on the kitchen table.



Mother further reports that she has been up frequently due to Renesmee having a lot of gas and discomfort. Mother reports Renesmee has
been eating 4-6 oz every 3-4 hours but she is not voiding. Mother reports she is worried because Renesmee is not sleeping throughout the night and only take "naps" throughout the day. ISW and mother discussed Birth23 and IFCS referral. Mother reports she is still willing to work with providers and will take any help she can get. ISW asked mother when Renesmee's next doctor's appointment is. Mother reports she is 9/17/21 @ 2pm.

 
 reports

 her
 as



scheduled to see Ludlow

 Pediatrics
 

Renesmee was observed to be sleeping in the center of the queen sized bed. mother reports she lets her nap there as this is the only place
she can get a good nap without being uncomfortable. ISW observed Renesmee's crib next to mother's bed. The sleep arrangements were appropriate. SAFE Sleep discussed with mother. mother understood. Renesmee woke up while ISW was in the home. Mother picked her up and handed Renesmee to ISW. Renesmee was alert and happy without any marks, bruises, cuts, scratches, burns etc. Mother reports she is so blessed to have Renesmee as a child and hopes that her stomach discomfort settles. mother shows ISW gas relief droplets and stomach
discomfort medicine for children. ISW advised mother to bring Renesmee to the closest hospital in the meantime before pediatric appointment on 9/17/21 if the symptoms continue to get worst. Mother agreed and reports she feel hopeless because nothing is working for th child.
 
Mother reports that Baystate Hospital has a pediatric unit in the ER that she is comfortable with.


ISW ended the visit without any concern.


9/9/21 ISW received a TC back from Amy MIDWIFE at Cooley Dickenson OBGYN. AMy reports that mother was consistent with her prenatal
care in which she began early in her pregnancy 11/2020. Amy reports that mother tested positive for cocaine 1 time 1/4/21 and was negative
for any substances for the remainder of her pregnancy. Amy reports she had a conversation with mother about this positive result and mother
reports she has never done drugs in her life but that father was actively abusing cocaine and she may have touch something that had the substance
on it. Amy reports she has no concerns with mother regarding SU or care for the child. Amy further reports that mother had her





The Allegation Summary and Investigation narrative does not reflect the result of any appeal decisions made on the alleged allegations. 

Investigation ID: 616623

Page 9 of 12