MP P
Massachusetts Child Psychiatry Access Project
Date: 1/28/21



Provider Name: Anu Pathak, MD


Sturbridge Professional Services
85 South Street
Southbridge, MA 01550
Phone: 508-765-2700
Fax: 508-764-2563



RE: Selena Morrison-Barnes
DOB: 11/6/2011 (9)



Due to the current global pandemic of COVID-19, this visit was conducted over videо
conferencing via Doximity with national social distancing guidelines. Data gathered
during this visit was by parent / guardian report and patient self-report. Patient's parent
/guardian provided verbal consent to conducting the visit via internet. The family was
located in a home setting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts during this telehealth
visit, and gave consent to conduct the visit via telehealth. Provider was located in a
Baystate Medical Practice office in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.


Persons other than patient involved in telehealth visit included: Selena's father's cousin,
Rosanne Barnes.


Time spent on phone with family: 90 mins


Dear Dr. Pathak,


Thank you for referring Selena (9) for consultation within our MCPAP program. I had
the pleasure of meeting her with her "Aunt" today via telehealth. In your conversation
with Dr. Daly on 10/30/20 I understand that Selena is one of 4 sisters you have referred
due to a long history of concerns regarding neglect and trauma who were removed from
their mother's care by DCF in June and placed with their father. They have all moved
from Palmer to Indian Orchard with Salena's father's cousin, Rosanne Barnes.


Selena is the 3rd of the 4 sisters. She has a history of preterm birth at 24 weeks
gestation weighing 1 lbs 7 oz. At the time of the referral you shared that she had
difficult behaviors such as screaming, fighting and would not go to school.
She had a diagnosis of ADHD and was taking Adderall 20 mg in am and 10 mg in the pm,
Guanficine 1 mg ½ tab in am and ½ tab in pm and Trazadone 100mg in pm.


PSYCHIATRIC TX: Selena has not received any therapy although several IHT providers
have been involved in the past with the family. Recently a team from Youth Villages has
started working with Selena's older sister and aunt, and plans to include all the family in
time.


1/13/20 to 1/30/20, (8 years old) Baystate Child Partial Hospitalization Program
Concern: Referred by Crisis due to escalating issues of dysregulation, aggression and
self-harming behaviors, (banging head against wall, swearing, attempting to scratch and
choke herself, bolting, property destruction, and physical aggression towards others).
Triggers: Being restrained in school, the word "no", being told not to touch other
people's things and when she does not get what she wants.


Selena was reported to do well in the Partial Program, which offered a small group of 6
children and several adults, a lot of support for emotional sharing and learning and
calming curriculum. She was discharged with:

Working Diagnosis:
ADHD by history
r/o Learning disorders
r/o mood/anxiety
DCF involved

Medications:
Prescriptions/Home Medications
Clonidine (cloNIDine 0.1 mg oral tablet)
1 tablet, By Mouth, Daily at bedtime

Oseltamivir (Tamiflu 45 mg oral capsule)
1 capsule, By Mouth, 2 times a day for 5 days

lisdexamfetamine (Vyvanse 20 mg oral capsule)
1 capsule, By Mouth, Daily in AM


Impression and Recommendations

Recommendations:


* Follow up with outpatient providers for medication management and outpatient
therapeutic providers.


* Maintain positive and effective sleep hygiene skills: read a book, have the same bed
time each night, get comfortable in bed, take a shower/bath, use a night light, do
not eat right before bed, no caffeinated or sugary drinks before bed, remove
electronics, and follow the same routine each night.


* Supervised play with other children is encouraged, to ensure appropriate peer
boundaries and social skills


Transition back to school:
*Follow up with school and review accommodations outlined in IEP.



totaling 8x 30 mins/week.


Selena moved fom Wales to Palmer at some point. Rosanne said that Selena started to
have extreme behavioral issues there and her mother was in conflict with the schools to
the point that they would no longer let Selena's mother on the property. Selena's
mother then began the home schooling and Rosanne helped her to enroll Selena and
her sisters in the Greenfield Commonwealth Virtual School where she has been
attending since.


MEDICAL HX: Rosanne reported that Selena was born at 24 weeks gestation weighing 1
lb. 7 oz. Her mother was very ill with kidney stones at the time of the birth and ended in
a Coma for some time. Selena was in the UMass Worcester NICU for 2½ months. She
has Retinopathy of Prematurity which has caused vision loss in both eyes, she wears
glasses.


She is currently taking medication to help with attention and sleep; Adderall 20 mg in
am and 10 mg in the pm, Guanficine 1 mg ½ tab in am and ½ tab in pm and Trazadone
100mg in pm.


DEVELOPMENTAL HX: no information


PRESENTATION: At the time of the virtual visit Rosanne did not answer her phone. I
learned from Irvin that Selena was having a hard time and Rosanne was dealing with it.
I was able to connect an hour later and Rosanne said that Selena had been having
tantrums 2-3 xs a week for the past 2 weeks.



Selena presented physically as her age, a bit disheveled, with long hair and bangs in her
eyes, an overbite and not wearing glasses. She moved in and out of the screen, seeming
distracted by the other people in the room and resistant to engage positively. She held
and played with some slime, which she shared that she liked, and was more available for
talking while she had it in her hands. She said she did not know the names of her sisters
and she does not go to home school. She said her mother was Barbie and Barbie was
"Preggy", her father and Barbie are having a girl. She said she wanted a brother. She
said she does not like homeschool because she rather be able to play with her friends.
She said she does not have friends in the virtual school. She left the room when she said
she was angry because she wants her tablet, and I asked what had happened. (Her
father had taken from her as a disciplinary measure.) She never returned to talk with
me but came in the room and answered some of the questions I was asking Rosanne.
Rosanne's phone died at that point and we did not reconnect.



Selena's teachers filled out the following questionnaires:
1/27/21, Teacher Vanderbilt Assessment Scale, completed by 2nd grade teacher, Joanna
Flynn
Predominantly Inattentive subtype: 6 (6/9 significant)



Occupational Therapy assessment


2) Given Selena's cognitive and academic delays and disabilities her family may consider
enrolling her in the Springfield Public Schools so that she has in school services, peer
interaction and support with social skills, once COVID-19 remote schooling is no longer
necessary.


3) Selena would benefit from therapy. The whole family needs support, so I fully
support the DCF referral the intensive care team, Youth Villages. As they are involved
they can make the appropriate referrals, exploring outpatient verses In Home Therapу
for the family as a whole and individually.


4) Regarding medication, I did discuss the general medication concerns with Dr. Waslick,
the MCPAP Team Medical Director. He did not see this child in person, but reviewed the
consultation letter and discussed the case with me.


In reviewing the available information, he felt that at this point, there is clinical
information that Selena may possibly have issues and concerns that could indicated a
diagnosis of ADHD, hercurrent medication regimen overall seems appropriate, and her
symptoms may be relatively well-controlled, although he felt that Selena and her family
continue to have other mental health and social needs that are addressed with
recommendations elsewhere in this consultation. He thought that following the other
recommendations made in this consultation letter would be helpful for Selena. Hе
thought that if any changes to her treatment need to be considered down the road that
you could use the MCPAP Clinical Guidelines for ADHD regarding medication choice and
treatment guidelines (http://www.mcpap.com/pdf/MCPAPGuidelines-Pearls-Book.pdf).
If you would like to discuss this case with Dr. Waslick or one of the team MCPAP
psychiatric specialists, please feel free to contact Dr. Waslick or the child psychiatric
provider on-call as needed.


Dr. Waslick has reviewed the content of this paragraph and agrees that this content
reflects his recommendations.


Please know that the team members at MCPAP are available for further consultation as
needed for this patient going forward. I can be reached directly at 413-322-4318.
Thank you again for the referral and we look forward to continued collaboration with
you and your practice.

Sincerely,
Martine Vanpee, LICSW
МСРАР-Licensed Behavioral Health Clinician

Baystate Medical Center
150 Lower Westfield Road
Holyoke, MA 01040 413-322-4318 cc: Parent/Guardian




Predominantly Hyperactive/Impulsive subtype: 3 (6/9 significant)
ADHD Combined Inattentive/Hyperactivity: 9 (6/9 in both above significant)
Oppositional-Defiant/ Conduct Disorder Screen: 0 (8 blank) (3/10 significant)
Anxiety/Depression Screen: 1 (6 blank) (3/7 significant)
Performance questions: 5 (4 or 5 significant)



Problematic: Reading, Mathematics, Written expression
Somewhat of a Problem: Following directions, disrupting class




1/27/21, Teacher Vanderbilt Assessment Scale, completed by 2nd grade teacher, Nicole
Trottier
Predominantly Inattentive subtype: 2 (6/9 significant)
Predominantly Hyperactive/Impulsive subtypе: 3 (2 blank) (6/9 significant)
ADHD Combined Inattentive/Hyperactivity: 5 (6/9 in both above significant)
Oppositional-Defiant/Conduct Disorder Screen: 0 (3/10 significant)
Anxiety/Depression Screen: 0 (3/7 significant)
Performance questions: 4 (4 or 5 significant)




Somewhat of a Problem: Following directions, disrupting class, assignment completion, Organizational skills



SUMMARY: Selena presented as a socially aware, sensory and fun seeking and loyal to
her family 9 year old with a history of many medical (extreme preterm birth),
developmental and environmental stressors. Intellectual disability and Autism spectrum
remain in question and support her need for an in person school program with small
group and many supports and direct services. Given COVID social distancing it has been
a great plus for her to already have been enrolled in the GCVS; she did not have to go through the many transitions that she would have had to go through if she were enrolled in in-person public school. I do think, however, once the family is clear about
the town they live in and the schools re-open for in-school programs, Selena would benefit from a full day, in school special education program.



DIAGNOSIS:
Unspecified Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disability, F90.9
r/o Unspecified Intellectual Disability, F79
Vision issues


RECOMMENDATIONS:
1) GCVS to complete the full 3 year psychoeducational re-evaluation ASAP. This should include:
Psychological/Cognitive assessment
Educational assessment
Speech/Language assessment


*Review Selena's positive response to the following offered at the program:
- Small academic classroom setting with access to academic and emotional support when needed
- Positive encouragement from staff and teachers
- Structured schedule/environment
- Clear expectations and directions given at the start of each class/lesson
- Frequent check-in's from either a teacher or support staff to ensure on task
participation and understanding
- Noise canceling headphones when needed
- A quiet work space within the classroom
- Access to a coping tool box (small fidget items and sensory toys)
- A visual work completion chart to track goals and progress


SCHOOL HX: Selena is currently enrolled in 2st grade at the Greenfield Commonwealth
Virtual School in Greenfield, although she has been put in the 1st grade class for some
subjects. The GCVS is in the process of completing a 3 year reevaluation. The classes
are all remote and she attends while at home.


Selena was evaluated by the Wales Public Schools in 2018.
WISC-V Score:
Verbal Comprehension: _ (very low range)
Visual Spatial: _ (low range)
Fluid Reasoning: _ (low range)
Working Memory: _ (very low range)
Processing Speed: _ (very low range)
Full Scale 1Q: 71(very low range)


Wait-II
Early academic skills were all well below average


Speech-Language Testing
Articulation skills within average range, receptive and expressive vocabulary skills in
average range. Average to below average in understanding. Receptive skills below expressive skills


Occupational Therapу
Delays with oculomotor, fine motor including hand skills, and visual motor integration skills. Struggled to integrate visual and motor skills effectively.


Physical Therapy
Average gross motor skills


The IEP I was able to see was dated 2/11/19 to 2/10/20 from the Palmer Public Schools.
Selena was in a full inclusion classroom with services that included: Special Education
teacher 1 x 30 mins/week, pull outs for Speech and Language, Special Education and OT


Selena's "aunt", Rosanne Barnes, shared that she is concerned about Selena's moods
and at times she does not want to listen, and said that some have raised the issue of autism.


Selena's father, "aunt" and DCF worker shared her family, school, medical and developmental hx as follows:


FAMILY HX: Selena lives in Indian Orchard with her father's paternal cousin, Rosanne, her father Ervin (47), her 3 sisters Isabella (14), Lilliana (12) and Jada (7), and her father's girlfriend, Barbara, who is pregnant with Selena's paternal half sibling. Selena's mother, Becky (34) lives in Springfield with her partner. Selena has 3 older paternal half siblings ages 26, 21, and ?. Selena's parents currently have shared legal custody but her father has physical custody per DCF, who removed the children from mother's care in June 2020. They have supervised visits with their mother but they have been inconsistent.


Selena's parents have been together for 17 years, they separated in May 2020 when Selena's father says her mother kicked him and the girls out of their Palmer home where they had been living, and he moved in with his cousin Rosanne. He has filed for divorce and anticipates receiving full custody of all the children.


Rosanne has been involved in Selena's family's life for years. Last year she helped them to be enrolled in the Greenfield Commonwealth Virtual School because the girls were experiencing bullying and having trouble attending the Palmer Public Schools where they were living. Rosanne drove to their home every day and helped them while school was running with the work and attendance. Now they are all living in her home and she has continued to help them.


Selena's DCF worker shared that DCF has been involved on and off with the family for 14 years, responding to issues of alleged substance use, domestic violence, and 28 police calls in Palmer and 15 Police calls in Springfield. The calls have mostly been about complaints about others such as selling their things and stalking. Selena and her sisters were removed from their mother's care when she was hospitalized in June 2020 with alcohol induced seizures.


Selena's father reported that he has disability insurance and does some work in construction.


Family psychiatric hx: Selena's "aunt" shared that she believes that Selena's mother has a diagnosis of bipolar disorder, as do Selena's mother's siblings. She said that Selena's father has a history of ADHD, he reads at a 1st grade level and has had issues with mood swings. Selena's sisters have issues with depression, anxiety, PTSD and Learning Disabilities.


