October 20th, 2021

To: Who this mv concern.

I Jessica Ingram have been Becky Morrison's (Barnes) Sober Sponsor since she
first lost her children



Unfortunately, with the pandemic we are in Becky was not able to attend
meetings in person, but she did attend meetings over the phone with her ex-husband's niece weekly. I was with her during the time she went on the phone, but
I did not keep record of it. When Becky Lost her children, she came to me for help and at the time all I could do was make her do AA on the phone and not leave her
alone with out me or mv brother. I felt like if we left her a lone her ex-husband
would convince her to see him, and I did not want that because helping them learn
to communicate civilly was very hard and still hasn't happened 100%. Though over
all they are civil unless her ex-husband Irvin Barnes is intoxicated with drugs and
alcohol which it is one or the other or even both because when she refuses to
communicate with him when he is like that, she hangs up on him, so he calls and
or text messages me. He is very dangerous in that condition because that is when
he is physically and verbally abusive. Which I have messages of proof and police
reports myself against Irvin because of the threats he made toward me and my
child! Besides him intoxicated they can aet alone civilly. These are all recent I have
also seen him with my own eyes drinking.


Becky Morrison started attending AA meetings in person instead of on the
phone when things began to reopen in April of 2021. At the time she did not have a
car so I decided it would be best to go with her! We bounced around to too many
different Thursday meetings until we found one that she really liked. Some weeks
we missed at the one she favored but she attended one that was close to where
we were if we were not in Springfield. There was a couple I could not attend with
her due to car trouble or an appointment for mv son. but when I could not be there
my brother (Andrew Cuoco) took her and stayed with her so I would know that she
attended; on those days he did sign in my slot on the chart. Becky Morrison has not
drunk and is either always with mv brother when I am at work or with myself
when he is at work. She feels like a child sometimes, but it is all to insure she has
nothing that makes her want to drink or pushes her to the edge.


Drugs have never been a concern with Becky she stays away from them
because her medication and now that she is regularly taking it as she should she
doesn't drink at all know it will not help her when it is mixed. She has completely
changed now that there is no one yelling and abusing her. Now that she is happy
and in a good situation, she has no urge to drink and is waiting for her happiness
to be complete. She will be 100% happy when she has all four of her girls with her.
She also now doesn't have as many seizures as she used to. With the lack of
unneeded stress and taking her meds properly there is nothing to trigger her seizures! Becky is more than ready to have her girls back and does still plan to do
to AA once a week when she does have them. They will spend that hour with my
son and my mother when her mother cannot come from Worcester to spend the time with them! We have prebared a plan for when she cannot be home since
work at a school, she will try to schedule her own doctor's appointments while
they are in school if that is not possible, she will try for when I myself or her own
mother can be there just like AA. Now that she has her own car transportation is
no longer an issue like it was back in Spring and Summer!



If for some reason you need more information from me and need to speak to
me, I am only available Monday - Friday at and after 4:00pm. If you contact me
before than you can leave me a voice mail or email me, and I will return the call as
soon as I can because my lunch is changeable depending on if I am covering a
teacher's class or not! This may be used as my official statement if need or even
quoted. There is plenty more that can be said on how much has changed with
Becky for the better and what has not changed with Irving, but this is pretty much
the Basic of the information

My phone number is 413-519-4793

Email: Missl12590@amail.com

If you have documents, I need to fill out my address is
221 Osborne Ter, Springfield. MA 01104

Thank You for your time!

Sincerely,


Jessica Ingram