Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Department of Children and Families
Family Action Plan


Action Plan Information:
Case Name (ID): Barnes (3463262)                Case Type: Clinical



Name (ID)
Barnes (1548814) Effective As Of  07/12/2022     Next Regular Update 07/12/2022



Social Worker: Courtney L. Siemon - Robert Van Wart Area Office
Supervisor: NEQUEFA J. CARNEGIE - Robert Van Wart Area Office




Action Plan Participants
Name (Person ID) Relationship to Child(ren) Assessed As

Becky Barnes (12567173) Mother (Biological) of Jada Barnes, Mother
(Biological) of Selena Morrison-Barnes, Mother
(Biological) of Lilliana Barnes, Mother
(Biological) of Isabella Barnes
Parent/Caregiver

Irving Barnes (9450743) Father (Biological) of Jada Barnes, Father
(Biological) of Selena Morrison-Barnes, Father
(Biological) of Lilliana Barnes, Father
(Biological) of Isabella Barnes

Parent/Caregiver

Jada Barnes (15455906) Child

 Selena Morrison-Barnes
(14392576) Child

Lilliana Barnes (12845378) Child

Isabella Barnes (12567178) Child



Clinical Formulation and Focus for Action Plan

This family has been involved with the Department since the birth of their first child for substance exposed newborn for cocaine in 10/2006. Since then, this family has had 37 51A reports filed, 17 screened in and 20 screened out.
Areas of concern include, neglect, emotional neglect, educational neglect, substance abuse, domestic violence, and appropriateness of supervision.

Over the past 16 months, this SW has attempted several times to engage this family with resources and services.

Resources: NEFW for fuel assistance, school advocate, educational coordinator, writing letters to school to request official IEP meetings, set up transportation for Selena during partial, Wonderfund for Christmas, and continued referrals for therapy.

Services:

10/2019, Rachel from BHN IHT for Jada
12/2019, CHD referral for therapy and IHT for all girls
12/2019, Aubrey IHT and TTNS Olivia from CHD for Selena
12/2019, Lauren from ICC for Selena
12/2019, Community Service Institute referral for neurological evaluation for Selena

Family Action Plan

1
dcf



Clinical Formulation and Focus for Action Plan

1/2020, refer all girls to Greenfield Virtual Commonwealth School.
1/2020, work with Sarah Morris from Court Clinic due to truancy
1/2020, referral to Psych Care Associates for all girls
2/2020, UR meetings with providers
3/2020, UR meeting with providers
4/2020, providers stopped due to COVID and lack of compliance from family
6/2020, referral to restorative health and wellness for outpatient for all girls
6/2020, referral for Mrs. Barnes mental health and substance abuse therapy
6/2020, referral for Mr. Barnes and all girls to Gandara for mental health
6/2020, Angela and Traci from IHT working with Jada
7/2020, Rebecca Burgos from BHN for Mrs. Barnes
8/2020, status update for referral for girls via Gandara
9/2020, another referral for Mr. Barnes at Gandara
10/2020, Mr. Barnes works with mental health
11/2020, Martine Vantee from MCPAP started assessment for all girls and recommended Youth Villages
12/2020, Youth Villages referral
12/2020, status update referral for girls at Gandara
1/2021, UR meetings with school and family January 2021
2/2021, River Valley Counseling Referral for all girls


**All these services have either not been able to complete intake because family don't return VM's, complete intake
but only get a few sessions in before the family starts to no show, and/or, says they will work with services and then
start no showing providers. All these providers have shut down services due to noncompliance.


Mr. Barnes has been engaged with mental health since 10/2020 and participating in anger management and
medication evaluation. Collateral update provides Mr. Barnes to be active and participating.
Mrs. Barnes has been working with a mental health therapist since 7/2020 and her provider says she makes it to her appointments. Mrs. Barnes completed a psychiatric evaluation and is prescribed medication (in dictation 9/11/2020).
SW hasn't heard from therapist since 11/2020 and cannot confirm if Mrs. Barnes is still in treatment.



Mrs. Barnes says she completed a substance abuse evaluation, however, therapist says Mrs. Barnes answered every question, 'I'm not an alcoholic' and therapist wasn't able to assess her. 

SW referred Mrs. Barnes to AdCare and Gandara for substance abuse evaluation but they will not complete
assessment because Mrs. Barnes says, 'I'm not an alcoholic' and it would cost her over $1,000.00 to be told she can't complete assessment. (7/17/2020 dictation)


The Department has concerns for crack/cocaine for past use for both Mr. and Mrs. Barnes. Current substance abuse concerns include Mrs. Barnes alcohol due to her having alcohol induced seizures and her blood alcohol content being .269.


Mr. Barnes says he drinks a beer from time to time but doesn't get intoxicated. Mr. Barnes says he smokes marijuana but smokes outside and doesn't let his children know he is smoking.

The Department has concerns for past domestic violence between Mr. and Mrs. Barnes and they wouldn't address concern with SW and they continue to deny all DV.

The Department has significant concerns for the girls mental health since they have been exposed to substances, DV, and nasty communication between Mr. and Mrs. Barnes during their separation.

Mr. and Mrs. Barnes separated in 6/2020 and they both immediately got into new relationships. Mr. and Mrs. Barnes
had 28 police responses/phone calls to both Palmer and Springfield between 6/2020 and 7/2020 because they were
verbally fighting about everything.

Mr. Barnes stated that Mrs. Barnes had attempted to cut her wrists and that is when he left with the children. Jada didn't want to leave so she stayed. DCF had concerns for Jada staying if mother attempted suicide and SW conducted an emergency HV. Mrs. Barnes didn't have any marks on any part of her body that would indicate self-harm. Also, there were no police reports of Mrs. Barnes attempting to self harm. DCF agreed for Jada to stay with


Family Action Plan
2

dcf



Clinical Formulation and Focus for Action Plan
Mrs. Barnes.

Mrs. Barnes had a seizure due to alcohol and then it was recommended Jada living with her father, otherwise, DCF would be seeking legal action. Supervisor conducted a legal consult in 7/2020 but no legal action was recommended since the family agreed Jada living with father.


Mr. Barnes allowed Jada to visit with her mother over a weekend and Jada called aunt Rosanne Barnes to pick her up because she saw drugs and saw 'mommy having sex'.

9/2020 SW completed a safety plan with Mr. Barnes:

1.) the children cannot have unsupervised time with Mrs. Barnes until Mrs. Barnes can demonstrate mental stability, continuing mental health treatment and prescription, and being able to communicate effectively between Mr. Barnes and learn to co parent. 

2.) Mr. Barnes needs to attend mental health treatment and anger management

3.) children need to attend school daily and children need to engage in mental health therapy 3.) parents need to co
parent

4.) if this isn't followed through, DCF will seek legal custody.

5.) individuals need to be approved by DCF who are going to supervise visits between Mrs. Barnes and the children.

Update April 2021:

Mr. Barnes became intoxicated and throwing and breaking items in Rosanne's home. Mr. Barnes throw objects at his girlfriend, Barbie. Rosanne kicked Mr. Barnes out of the home. One of the girls mentioned to SW that Mr. Barnes snorts cocaine and he recently has been saying 'I need something stronger than this'. 

Rosanne informed SW of kicking Mr. Barnes out of the home and the Department completed an emergency action plan in April 2021:

1.) Mr. Barnes isn't allowed to be a caretaker for the children until he can demonstrate sobriety, mental health
stability, and remaining calm during difficult situations

2.) Mr. Barnes needs to go to AdCare and work with a substance abuse therapist to address his drinking alcohol and
using cocaine

3.) Rosanne Barnes, paternal aunt and DCF recommends Isabella, Lilliana, Selena, and Jada to stay with Rosanne
until Rosanne can establish permanency.

4.) Mrs. Barnes is recommended not to be a primary caretaker for the children until she can demonstrate stability with
her current services

5.) If Mr. and or Mrs. Barnes shows up to Rosanne's home unannounced to pick up the children, Rosanne will call the
police.


Rosanne Barnes petitioned for guardianship of all four minor girls after throwing Mr. Barnes out of the home. Prior to
getting a court date for guardianship, the Department filed and was granted C&P. The goal is reunification.


The Department is asking Mr. Barnes to complete an IOP program, develop a relapse prevention plan, gain a sponsor and/or recovery coach, and get into substance abuse therapy.


The Department is asking Mr. Barnes to engage in Nurturing Father's program to learn how his parenting skills impact his children and how he was brought up impact his parenting skills. Mr. Barnes will also learn appropriate ways to communicate with his children and developmental discipline techniques. Mr. Barnes will also learn to use substances when he isn't around his children and/or avoid substance use altogether.


Mrs. Barnes worked at Mis Companeras for domestic violence with Jocelyn in March 2021. Mrs. Barnes says she is
learning how to stay calm in difficult situations and how men can be manipulative. Mrs. Barnes says she graduated,
however, SW hasn't received any certificates yet. During safety planning with the girls on 4/13/2021, one of the girls
told SW they were concerned about mother because when she is on the phone with mother, she hears her boyfriend
calling her nasty names and degrading her. This daughter has told mother to break up with him and she says, 'oh no,
but he loves me'. The Department is wondering what she really learned from domestic violence.

Family Action Plan

dcf
3



Clinical Formulation and Focus for Action Plan
Goal is reunification.
4


Family Action Plan

dcf



Becky Barnes (12567173) - Parent/Caregiver
Birth Sex: Female
Role: Consumer Adult
Relationship to Child(ren):
Age (DOB): 36 Years (02/03/1986)

Mother (Biological) of Jada Barnes, Mother (Biological) of Selena Morrison Barnes, Mother (Biological) of Lilliana Barnes, Mother (Biological) of Isabella
Barnes

Areas of Focus and Observable Changes
Includes specific parent/caregiver behaviors - developed in partnership with the family - that would show
progress in reducing or eliminating identified needs/dangers/risks. Behaviors must be observable by DCF
and/or others.

Parental Resilience
Manages the impact of any mental health issues on parenting. High Need

Observable Changes: Mrs. Barnes will continue to engage in appropriate mental health treatment to address
her reported mental health concerns. She will develop insight into how her mental health has impacted her ability
to parent her children. Progress in this area will be reported by her mental health therapist, and observed during
supervised visits with her children.

Manages impact of any alcohol / drug use on parenting. High Need

Observable Changes: Mrs. Barnes will address her history of substance use by engaging in recommended
substance abuse services including, but not limited to inpatient treatment, IOP, and AA/NA. She will engage in these services consistently as reported by her providers, and provide negative toxicology screens to the
Department on a consistent basis to demonstrate continued sobriety.


Building Social and Emotional Competence of Children

Understands and responds to their child's unique social and emotional needs. Not Applicable
Observable Changes: Mrs. Barnes will not discuss any topics related to the court case, DCF, or make
inappropriate comments related to their care during supervised visits as this causes the children to become escalated and upset. Mrs. Barnes will appropriately address any concerns she has related to the children and her DCF case at an appropriate time with her DCF social worker while the children are not present. Mrs. Barnes will require less re-direction during supervised visits, and will engage appropriately with her children.


Models empathy and creates an environment in which the child feels safe to express their
emotions. Not Applicable

Observable Changes: Mrs. Barnes will allow her children to express their emotions appropriately, and provide them a safe space to do so. Mrs. Barnes will refrain in making any negative comments or blaming the Department or her social worker as it relates to her children's social/emotional wellbeing.


Tasks, Services and Supports
Includes actions that will support or promote the observable changes and any recommended services
and supports that could help in developing, achieving or sustaining these changes in behavior.

Family Action Plan

dcf
5




Consumer Tasks/Services/Supports - Becky Barnes (12567173)

Becky agrees to the following Action Plan tasks:

1. Meet with the Department monthly or as needed, in your home, for case management to assess the family's strengths and needs and progress towards goals.

2. Inform the Department of any address and or phone number changes within 24-Hours of that change. Becky will also inform and provide the Department with demographic information i.e. dates of birth, social security numbers of
any other individuals who are also residing in the family's home.

3. Ensure that the home is safe from any physical hazards and that it is reasonably clean and sanitary. Becky will ensure that there are no safety hazards and will report any possible hazards to the Department within 24 hours.

4. Sign all releases of information for the Department to communicate and worker collaboratively with services providers to assess their strengths and needs within treatment.

5. Cooperate with DCF and other providers to improve her families' circumstances and eliminate the need for services.

6. Provide the Department with documentation regarding her completion of domestic violence education courses or complete a domestic violence program to become educated on the effects of domestic violence and the effects domestic violence has on children. Provide the Department with a copy of the safety plan developed with the domestic violence specialist.

7. Continue to engage in individual therapy services to address history of mental health and trauma from her childhood. Becky will provide the Department with documentation of her treatment plan and follow through with any recommendations deemed necessary. Becky will ensure that she attends all appointments which are recommended.

8. Work with a Psychiatrist to be assessed and take medications as prescribed.

9 Follow through with recommendations made from, your psychological evaluation and parenting assessment, and provide a copy o the completed evaluation and recommendations to the Department.

10. Complete a residential treatment program. The referral is being made as a result of mother's hospitalization and intubation due to alcohol use. Services may be accessed through:

Massachusetts Helpline (https://helplinema.org/) 
Massachusetts Behavioral Health Access Statemer
(https://www.mabhaccess.com/Home.aspx)


11. Complete random drug screens and make the results available to the Department.

12. Attend AA/NA classes and provide this information to the Department.

13. Obtain a Sponsor and begin working with her sponsor to help Ms. Barnes maintain her sobriety.

12. Participate in Family Engagement Project to learn how substance use, mental health, and domestic violence impact parenting and emotional and behavioral impact of children. A referral will be made through the Department.
The program can explore with Ms. Barnes the role alcohol plays in mother's life, the impact it has on her wellbeing/health and parenting, and how mother can address this appropriately. Referrals for FEP are made through Family Networks.

13. Attend all court case and FRC in which you are invited to.

14. Attend all scheduled family time visits, please arrive, on time if you are 15 minutes or later, visits will be forfeited.
Please arrived sober, appropriate and redirect any negative conversations. Please take provision and activities which you may engage in with your children. Please confirm/reschedule/cancel your visit no later than 5 pm the day prior to schedule visit.

15. Make yourself available to participate in any school meeting or doctors appointment, in which you are invited to.


Family Action Plan

6
dcf



DCF Tasks/Services/Supports
social worker agrees to:
1. Visit the home at least on a monthly basis and view/interview all of the family members.
2. Make all necessary service referrals and monitor the provision of services.
3. Monitor the progress of all family members toward achievement of service plan goals.
4. Maintain regular contact with all collateral service providers.
5. Continuously assess the needs of the family and update services as needed.
6. Attend all meetings and/or court dates related to this family.
7. Review and update service plan to reflect the family's progress and any new concerns that arise.
Provider/Other Tasks/Services/Supports
N/A
Family Action Plan

7
dcf