The Commonwealth of Massachusetts

Executive Office of Health and Human Services
Department of Children and Families

600 Washington St, 6th Floor, Boston, MA 02111
Phone: (617) 748-2000 * Fax (617) 261-7435


Governor
Kimberley Driscoll
Lieutenant Governor
Kathleen E. Walsh
Secretary
Staverne Y. Miller
Acting Commissioner



FCR-1035
Morrison-barnes, Becky
152 Vincent Street,
Springfield, MA 01129



03/08/2024
FOSTER CARE REVIEW REPORT


FAMILY (Case ID): Barnes (3463262)
REVIEW DATE/TIME: 01/17/2024 9:30 AM  
LOCATION: Robert Van Wart Area Office 
(B) 112 Industry Avenue
Springfield, MA 01104


REVIEW PANEL: Case Reviewer: Mandie Palubeckis
Second Party: Mojica, Miosotis
Volunteer: Schneider, Stephen



ATTENDEES: 
Name       Role
Barnes, Lilliana     Child
Browne, Shealynn B.   Foster parent
Cappuccio, Kerri   DCF Case Manager Assigned to Parents and Children
Coffman, Jamie   Group Care Representative
Caney, Shannon   Collateral
Emery, Aviana   Group Care Representative
 



Gerova-wilson, Tsvetelina    Child's Attorney
Hay, Nicolette L.    Supervisor
Morales, Barbara   Group Care Representative
Morrison-barnes, Becky   Mother
Chd/ Chicopee / 340 Grove St.      Placement Resource




REF No.: 2482884 Page 01 of 22
dcf









Name Role
Gandara / Springfield / 25 MoorlandPlacement Resource

CHILDREN REVIEWED: All children who are open consumers with the Department



Child Name    DOB/Age at Review   Current Placement Type/Start Date  Current Legal Status/Date


Barnes, Isabella  10/28/2006-17 Years Departmental Foster Care -   Tier I Unrelated/04/26/2021  Court Ordered /06/07/2023


Barnes, Jada 11/01/2013-10 Years Treatment Residence -Intensive Treatment Residence  Enhanced/12/14/2023    Court Ordered /  06/07/2023

Barnes, Lilliana 07/25/2008-15 Years Departmental Foster Care - Court Ordered / Tier I Unrelated/09/14/2023 Court Ordered/  09/14/2023    

Morrison-barnes, Selena 11/06/2011-12 Years Emergency Residence-Emergency Residence/01/12/2024 Court Ordered /  06/07/2023






PURPOSE OF A FOSTER CARE REVIEW:

Federal and state laws require that the Department operate a system of foster care
review dedicated to engaging key participants in a timely and periodic review of all
cases involving children in out-of-home care. The purpose of Foster Care Review is to
assess the progress being made to address the reason(s) for the Department's
involvement with the family and to examine and make recommendations to safely
achieve permanency for the child(ren). This Foster Care Review Report includes the
Determinations required to be made by the Foster Care Review panel, a summary of
information gathered through the review process and may include recommendations
offered by review participants to assist in achieving permanency for the child(ren) and
supporting individuals in achieving desired outcomes. The Determinations and
recommendations provide guidance for the next period of action planning, decision-making, and casework (up to 6 months).


APPEAL AND GRIEVANCE INFORMATION:


REF No.: 2482884 Page 02 of 22
dcf











Parents/guardians, foster/pre-adoptive parents, children's attorneys and children age
14 and older may appeal the Foster Care Review determination to change the child's
PERMANENCY PLAN by requesting a Fair Hearing within 30 calendar days after receiving
the Foster Care Review Report. All other FCRU determinations can be appealed through
the grievance process. A party may only file an appeal on their own determinations.


(See Fair Hearing Office and Grievance Policy)

NOTE: There is no appeal of FCRU recommendations.


HEALTH/WELL-BEING
A review of routine and follow up medical/dental needs for ALL children.
A routine dental exam is required for any child age 3 and older.

Medical needs being met?

Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes

Dental needs being met?
Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes

EDUCATION
Review of educational needs for children in placement ages 3 and older.
Early Intervention is reviewed for children ages 0-3.


Enrolled in educational program?

Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes

REF No.: 2482884 Page 03 of 22
dcf











Educational needs adequately being met?
Barnes, Isabella - No
Barnes, Jada - Yes
Barnes, Lilliana - Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena - Yes


KINSHIP/LIFELONG CONNECTIONS
Review of lifelong supportive relationships for children in placement as well as a review of any unresolved Immigration
issues that exist toward obtaining permanent resident status for those children who are not US citizens.
Does child have permanent, lifelong connections?


Barnes, Isabella    Yes
Barnes, Jada    Yes
Barnes, Lilliana    Yes



Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes


Names and Roles of additional family members/potential life long connections
identified during the review:

Barnes, Isabella
Full siblings and paternal-half siblings who are adults and one in DCF care (who's
potential permanent resource is committed to maintaining the connection)
Adult sibling, Ashley's son
Current foster family


Barnes, Jada
Full siblings and paternal-half siblings who are adults and one in DCF care (who's
potential permanent resource is committed to maintaining the connection)
Adult sibling, Ashley's son


Barnes, Lilliana
Full siblings and paternal-half siblings who are adults and one in DCF care (who's
potential permanent resource is committed to maintaining the connection)
Adult sibling, Ashley's son
Current foster mother
Some school staff, her attorney, DCF social worker tech who has been involved since
2021, and her assigned mentor are all people Lilliana reaches out to for support and
connections.


REF No.: 2482884 Page 04 of 22
dcf




















Morrison-barnes, Selena
Full siblings and paternal-half siblings who are adults and one in DCF care (who's
potential permanent resource is committed to maintaining the connection)
Adult sibling, Ashley's son
Teacher/previous foster mother
A therapeutic provider who has been a support for three years

CHILD VISITATION
Review of visitation related to children in placement

Has DCF had required contact with child?
Barnes, Isabella  Yes
Barnes, Jada  Yes


Barnes, Lilliana   Yes 
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes


Has child's social worker had required contact with placement resource?
Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada  Yes
Barnes, Lilliana  Yes


Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes  


Have visits taken place a minimum of once per month for Parent/Caregiver 1
and the child?

Barnes, Isabella   No - Child declines visitation (Ms. Barnes) 

Barnes, Jada      Yes    (Ms. Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana   Yes (Ms. Barnes)
Morrison-barnes, Selena     Yes (Ms. Barnes)


Have visits taken place a minimum of once per month for Parent/Caregiver 2
and the child?

Barnes, Isabella No - Child declines visitation (Mr. Barnes )


REF No.: 2482884 Page 05 of 22
dcf












Barnes, Jada          No (Mr. Barnes' visits were temporarily suspended in
April 2023. Once reinstated, he has been inconsistent
with attending his visits, attending approximately 50
percent. For a period of time, he did not attend any
reporting he had a warrant for his arrest. )


Barnes, Lilliana            No (Mr. Barnes' visits were temporarily suspended in
April 2023. Once reinstated, he has been inconsistent
with attending his visits, attending approximately 50
percent. For a period of time, he did not attend any
reporting he had a warrant for his arrest.)


Morrison-barnes, Selena            No (Mr. Barnes' visits were temporarily suspended in
April 2023. Once reinstated, he has been inconsistent
with attending his visits, attending approximately 50
percent. For a period of time, he did not attend any
reporting he had a warrant for his arrest.)


Has the child had sibling visitation?


Barnes, Isabella  Yes
Barnes, Jada  Yes
Barnes, Lilliana  Yes



Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
Has the child visited with Grandparents?
Barnes, Isabella No
Barnes, Jada No
Barnes, Lilliana No
Morrison-barnes, Selena No

PARENT/CAREGIVER VISITATION

Review of visitation related to parents/caregivers.
Has DCF had required contact with the Parent/Caregiver?
Barnes, Irving Exception to policy requirement documented (includes
safety)

Morrison-barnes, Becky Yes


REF No.: 2482884 Page 06 of 22
dcf




















YOUTH
Reviewed for children in placement age 14 and over.

Is youth receiving life skills training?

Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes

Is there a current Youth Readiness Assessment?
Barnes, Isabella    Not required for this youth 
Barnes, Lilliana    Not required for this youth


ACTION PLAN
The Action Plan is developed in partnership with the family and identifies the areas of focus and what must be accomplished in order to maintain child safety and well-being, achieve the child's permanency plan and/or to close case.


Was there an Action Plan in effect during the period under review?
Yes

Does the Action Plan address all identified concerns to reduce risk(s) and
achieve desired outcomes?
Yes



CHILD SERVICE DELIVERY

When service delivery is impacted by systemic barriers for children in placement, the barriers are identified that need to
be resolved to support changes in behavior and to strengthen safety, permanency and well-being of a child.
Identify systemic barriers for the child, including any language needs:

Barnes, Isabella N/A - no identified systemic barriers
Barnes, Jada - N/A - no identified systemic barriers
Barnes, Lilliana - N/A - no identified systemic barriers
Morrison-barnes, Selena - N/A - no identified systemic barriers


PARENT/CAREGIVER SERVICE DELIVERY
When service delivery is impacted by systemic barriers for parents/caregivers, the barriers are identified that need to be
resolved to support changes in behavior and to strengthen safety, permanency and well-being of a child.
Identify systemic barriers for the parent/caregiver, including any language
needs.


REF No.: 2482884 Page 07 of 22
dcf















Barnes, Irving - N/A - no identified systemic barriers

Morrison-barnes, Becky - Individual counseling


PERMANENCY PLANNING
When children are placed in out-of-home care, it is imperative to find safe, permanent homes for them as quickly as
possible. In most circumstances, children can be reunited with their families, but in some cases children find homes with
relatives or adoptive families.


Permanency Plan proposed by DCF during the review?

Barnes, Isabella Permanency through Guardianship
Barnes, Jada Permanency through Reunification of the Family
Barnes, Lilliana Permanency through Reunification of the Family
Morrison-barnes, Selena Permanency through Reunification of the Family


DETERMINATIONS
Formal decisions made by the Foster Care Review panel regarding what is working well, what is not and what needs to
change in order to achieve the child's permanency plan by a projected date. Determinations are binding on area offices
and will guide the next period of action planning, decision-making and casework.

Were there any concerns for the child's safety identified through this review
process?

(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Isabella   No
Barnes, Jada  No

Barnes, Lilliana No
Morrison-barnes, Selena No


Is placement necessary as of today?
(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes


REF No.: 2482884 Page 08 of 22
dcf















Is the current placement appropriate?
(Determination on children in placement)


Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada  Yes
Barnes, Lilliana    Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes


Has the placement resource fulfilled placement expectations to meet the
child's needs?
(Determination on children in placement)

Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes

Has DCF taken steps to ensure the child's placement resource followed the
reasonable and prudent parent standard?
(Determination on children in placement)


Barnes, Isabella   Yes
Barnes, Jada        N/A - Based on placement type
Barnes, Lilliana     Yes 
Morrison-barnes, Selena N/A - Based on placement type


Has DCF taken steps to ascertain whether the placement resource offered
child regular ongoing opportunities to engage in age or developmentally
appropriate activities, working to help develop this child's special
talent/interest/gift?
(Determination on children in placement)



Barnes, Isabella   Yes 
Barnes, Jada    N/A - Based on placement typе
Barnes, Lilliana    Yes







REF No.: 2482884 Page 09 of 22
dcf
















Morrison-barnes, Selena N/A - Based on placement type


Has DCF completed the necessary steps to address the needs of the family,
during the period under review?
Has DCF completed necessary steps, including but not limited to: meeting with family members; assessing the reasons
for the Department's involvement with the family and engaging the family, including youth 14 and over, in the
development of an Action Plan that identifies what must be accomplished in order to attain and maintain child safety,
achieve the child's permanency plan and/or to close the case.
(Determination on ALL children)


Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes


Did the Parent/Caregiver 1 participate in the Action Plan?
(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Isabella     No (Ms. Barnes)
Barnes, Jada    No (Ms. Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana   No (Ms. Barnes)
Morrison-barnes, Selena   No (Ms. Barnes)


Did the Parent/Caregiver 1 demonstrate behavioral changes to reduce or
alleviate danger or need for placement or to achieve desired outcomes?


(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Isabella    No (Ms. Barnes)

Barnes, Jada    No (Ms. Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana    No (Ms. Barnes )


Morrison-barnes, Selena No (Ms. Barnes )


Did the Parent/Caregiver 2 participate in the Action Plan?
(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Isabella    
Barnes, Jada    
No (Mr. Barnes)
No (Mr. Barnes)
REF No.: 2482884 Page 10 of 22
dcf
















Barnes, Lilliana     No (Mr. Barnes)
Morrison-barnes, Selena     No (Mr. Barnes)


Did the Parent/Caregiver 2 demonstrate behavioral changes to reduce or
alleviate danger or need for placement or to achieve desired outcomes?
(Determination on ALL children)



Barnes, Isabella    No (Mr. Barnes)
Barnes, Jada    No (Mr. Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana   No (Mr. Barnes)   
Morrison-barnes, Selena No (Mr. Barnes)


Did the child 14 and over participate in the Action Plan?
(Determination on ALL children 14 and over)


Barnes, Isabella No (Isabella has declined offered services and has not
attended school.)
Barnes, Lilliana Yes



Did the child 14 and over demonstrate observable changes to achieve desired
outcomes for his/her safety, permanency and well-being?
(Determination on ALL children 14 and over)


Barnes, Isabella Yes (Isabella has made great strides with stabilizing
her mental health and complying with foster home
rules. She is working toward independent living skills,
however DCF would like to see her follow through with
supportive services and school to reach all goals.)


Barnes, Lilliana Yes


The extent of progress made toward achievement of the child's Permanencу
Plan
(Determination on children in placement)

Barnes, Isabella Insufficient/Maintain Permanency Plan
Barnes, Jada Insufficient/Change Permanency Plan
Barnes, Lilliana Circumstances changed and child's Permanency Plan is
no longer relevant

Morrison-barnes, Selena Insufficient/Change Permanency Plan


REF No.: 2482884 Page 11 of 22
dcf

















Child's most appropriate Permanency Plan determined by the FCR Panel?
(Determination on children in placement)  


Barnes, Isabella   Permanency through Guardianship

Barnes, Jada   Permanency through Adoption (The panel determined it
is most appropriate to being concurrent planning due to
the lack of progress made by parents to address the
barrier to reunification in a consistent and long-term
manner has resulted in the children remaining in care
for 2 years 9 months.)

Barnes, Lilliana   Permanency through Adoption (The panel determined it
is most appropriate to being concurrent planning due to
the lack of progress made by parents to address the
barrier to reunification in a consistent and long-term
manner has resulted in the children remaining in care
for 2 years 9 months. Discussions will need to happen
with Lilliana and her placement resource to determine if
permanency can be established in her current home
and what level of permanency, if any, Lilliana would be
agreeable to.)

Morrison-barnes, Selena   Permanency through Adoption (The panel determined
is most appropriate to being concurrent planning due
the lack of progress made by parents to address the
barrier to reunification in a consistent and long-term
manner has resulted in the children remaining in care
for 2 years 9 months.)




Proiected date for achieving child's permanency plan
(Determination on children in placement)


Barnes, Isabella     Jul-2024
Barnes, Jada      Jan-2025
Barnes, Lilliana      Jan-2025  
Morrison-barnes, Selena    Jan-2025


Does youth 14+ agree with Permanency Plan determined to be most
appropriate by the FCR panel?
(Note: This is NOT a Determination. Answered for all children in placement 14 and over.)

Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Information not available at FCR


REF No.: 2482884 Page 12 of 22
dcf

















REVIEW SUMMARY


Summary of information gathered through the review process that supports the Determinations made by the FCR panel
and related recommendations. Note: recommendations are non-binding on Area Offices)


What are the worries for this family, including all children or young adults,
that relate to the reason for current involvement with the Department and
which necessitate placement?


A summary of the actions and demonstrated behaviors by caretakers (parent, guardian, etc.), and/or child(ren), that
continue to necessitate placement, may necessitate the need for placement as of today due to identified
needs/dangers/risks, or impact the safety, permanency and well-being of the child(ren).



REF No.: 2482884 Page 13 of 22
dcf




















The family has a history with the Department of Children and Families (the
Department/DCF) due to parental substance abuse and domestic violence between Ms.
Barnes and Mr. Barnes, resulting in two Care and Protection Petitions (C&P). In 2021,
the children were in the care of Mr. Barnes when multiple reports were filed due to
concerns of their well-being. Mr. Barnes' alcohol use, untreated mental health, disputes
with family members, and education and medical neglect were noted concerns. The
relative the family resided with asked Mr. Barnes to leave the home and did not follow
through with legal commitment to the children, leaving the children without a legal
caregiver. Ms. Barnes alcohol abuse resulted in a strained relationship with her children.
A C&P was filed on behalf of the children in April 2021 and the children entered
placement. Lilliana was placed in the third party in August 2022. Isabella's goal of
guardianship was identified in April 2022, Lilliana's goal of stabilization was identified in
May 2023, and Selena and Jada's goal of reunification has remained. 





Mr. Barnes is not engaged in services and DCF continues to have concerns related to
domestic violence, substance use, and criminal activity. He declined to sign a release
for probation and has not engaged in toxicology screens. Mr. Barnes provided Isabella
with marijuana at a visit in April, stopped attending while he had a warrant, and has
attended approximately 50% of visits. He utilizes the phone to entertain the children
and does not accept prompts to engage them in other activities.




Ms. Barnes' home smells strongly of cigarette smoke and was not receptive to concerns
of the children's health. She notes the ability to engage in services for herself and
children only on Mondays due to work, therefore does not participate in a majority of
the meetings and appointments for the children. She lacks an understanding of their
needs and continues to voice concerns of Jada's medication, yet has not participated in
consistent medication appointments. Due to her limited availability, the parenting and
visitation support program is not currently available to her. She declined any additional
parenting support. Her therapist left the agency and she has not been reassigned. Ms.
Barnes was not honest with her substance use evaluator and the evaluator did not
speak to DCF. She provided toxicology screens in early summer, raising concerns of
alcohol use. She is no longer engaged in AA and expressed today she does not find
value in participating in mental health or substance use services. Ms. Barnes struggles
to refrain from engaging in conversations pertaining to concerns and the case during
visits and triggers the children, who become escalated and dysregulated.



Isabella, age 17, has had leg/bone pain and has been diagnosed by a specialist and
referred for physical therapy and topical treatment, however, she declines the therapy.
She has not participated in mental health therapy and stopped attending school. She
has smoked marijuana with friends and received education surrounding substance use.
Isabella declined visits with either parent and acknowledged phone contact with her
father outside of DCF and with her mother one time during the summer, which
contradicts Ms. Barnes reports that she has frequent contact with her outside of DCF.
Lilliana, age 15, returned to placement in September due to changes in the family
dynamics and concerns of Mr. Barnes not respecting boundaries set with the family.
She did not develop a connection with her therapist and psychiatrist, therefore is on a
break from treatment. DCF began unsupervised visits in Ms. Barnes home. Concerns of
her asthma being impacted by the cigarette smoke and her mother's lack of consistent
engagement in services and progress were discussed today. Lilliana would like to return
to her care. Selena, age 12, transitioned from a residential to a teacher's home through




REF No.: 2482884 Page 14 of 22
dcf



















a transition plan in
WORRIES CONTINUED BELOW:

Describe the changes the family or young adult has demonstrated during the
period under review to reduce or alleviate the danger or need for placement or
toward achieving desired outcomes (what's working well)
A summary of the specific Acts of Protection (changes in behavior demonstrated by the family), improvement in parental
capacities which are helping to reduce or have reduced the risk of harm to the children, as well as changes by youth and
young adults toward achieving desired outcomes.



REF No.: 2482884 Page 15 of 22

dcf






















WORRIES CONTINUED: August. In November behaviors surfaced when Selena was not
able to receive the attention she sought due to another child in the home. The foster
parent was unable to meet her increased needs and Selena was transitioned to CFC,
which was difficult for her. She required several crisis evaluations and a determination
was made to place her in an emergency STARR residence, where she had been placed
in the past. She declined to engage in her medication appointment yesterday. She
would like to return to her father or her teacher. Jada, age 10, struggled in her previous
program and school with compliance and regulating her emotions and required crisis
interventions. She participated in a 45-day assessment and anew school setting was
identified. She transitioned to her current program last week and has had twо
altercations with peers. Although Lilliana and Jada have Rogers Orders approving
medication, they are not prescribed antipsychotics.




WORKING WELL: Isabella has made great gains in her placement, and is committed to
guardianship. She has not presented with self-harm behaviors and did not require crisis
during the holidays as she previously had. She identified a desire to engage in virtual
learning, and the team is working with the school department to try to develop a plan.
Her routine medical and dental needs are met, she continues to be assigned a therapist
and will be referred for DBT therapy, and she is medication compliant with an active
Rogers Order. Isabella is well-bonded to the family and engages more, has identified a
hobby of fish tanks, and has transitioned from volunteering at the animal shelter to a
paid position. She has her permit test today, is engaged in driver's education, and the
foster parent is seeking alternative treatment for her pain. DCF will be submitting a
referral for adolescent support once she demonstrates consistency in school. DCF
continues to have meetings at the area and regional level to discuss if and when to
proceed with the guardianship, as a supported allegation in 2022 is the barrier. Ms.
Barnes is not in support of the guardianship. Lillian has transitioned well into her
current foster home and the routine. She was able to remain in her school, where she is
very active in multiple activities and has a positive peer group. She is athletic and
currently enjoys wrestling and volunteering for the football team. She has an IEP and
doing well academically, her routine medical, orthodontic, and dental needs are met,
and she has physical therapy for an injury. She is prescribed medication to treat
asthma. Lilliana has a positive relationship with her mentor who is working on
therapeutic and independent living goals. Selena recently transitioned into her program,
where she is doing well thus far. She has taken on a support role for her younger peers.
Her routine medical, orthodontic, and dental needs have been met and she continues to
be followed by GI. She is medication-compliant for mental health and medical needs.
She has an extensive IEP and receives significant support at school and does well. She
participates in basketball and plays the clarinet in band. Selena is able to express her
concerns of her mother's drinking. Jada's transition to her new school and program has
been successful and each are presenting to be meeting her needs appropriately. She
has an education GAL who consents to her IEP. Her routine medical and dental needs
are met and she is actively engaging in therapeutic support. She enjoys Legos, dolls,
and playing outside. She is medication compliant. The children have sibling visits
outside of parent visits.


Ms. Barnes is consistent with visiting the children and has been receptive to feedback,
resulting in engaging the children in activities and providing snacks. She visits the
children in programs weekly, as well. There were no concerns reported with the
unsupervised visit with Lilliana. She resides with her boyfriend and since





REF No.: 2482884 Page 16 of 22
dcf

















WORKING WELL CONT.
What changes need to happen for the children in care to return home safely or
achieve their alternative permanency plan(s)?
A summary of the observable changes still needed by this family as well as the actions by the family and the Department
that need to occur in order to achieve a child's Permanency Plan.






REF No.: 2482884 Page 17 of 22
dcf



















WORKING WELL CONTINUED: being honest with her living environment, DCF has been
able to complete home visits and further assess the family. She indicated she will not
smoke in the home if it is a concern. DCF assisted Ms. Barnes with obtaining her
therapist and continues to advise her on how to obtain a new one. DCF has not been
able to verify she has placed herself on other waitlists. She stated today that she has
sponsor, which DCF was not aware of and does not have a release. There have been no
further concerns with her toxicology screens since early summer, however,
consideration should be made how long alcohol remains in the system and can be
detected. Ms. Barnes continues medication management, however DCF will need to
obtain an updated collateral contact. DCF noted Ms. Barnes' presentation improved
during this review period prior to today, with occasional periods of concern.
Additionally, during home visits, Ms. Barnes was able to verbalize an understanding of
her mental health and need for treatment. DCF indicated today's presentation and a
lack of demonstrating that understanding was of concern.


Mr. Barnes' visits with the children and there are no safety concerns. He will bring his
granddaughter and son's partner to visits.


WHAT NEEDS TO HAPPEN:
To achieve guardianship on behalf of Isabella, DCF management will need to agree to
move forward, the guardianship agreement and subsidy will need to be addressed, and
the court will need to approve it. DCF will need to convene a PPC to address the goal
change for the other children and conversations should be had with Isabella and the
placement resource surrounding permanency. If adoption is upheld, an adoption worker
will need to be assigned, permanent resources identified and children transitioned
successfully. The court will need to terminate parental rights, the legalization packet will
need to be completed, and the subsidy addressed to obtain a finalization date.


To achieve reunification:
DCF will need to assess Ms. Barnes' sobriety by utilizing collateral and support contacts,
assessing the home, and assessing her patterns of behaviors and engaging her in
conversations surrounding her substance use, rather than relying on toxicology screens.
Ms. Barnes should follow through with the recommendations from her psychological
evaluation and parenting assessment and re-engage in a substance use evaluation in
an honest and forthcoming manner. Ms. Barnes will need to demonstrate consistency in
mental health and substance use treatment, demonstrate honesty with providers, be
able to identify triggers, and gain an understanding of her mental health and substance
use and the impact on her parenting and how it relates to her children's trauma. She
will need to demonstrate the ability to develop relapse prevention and safety plans and
the ability to follow those plans. Ms. Barnes will need to demonstrate the ability to
maintain long-term participation with providers, long-term sobriety, and optimal mental
health which can be assessed through collateral contacts and observations of her
presentation and conversations. She will need to demonstrate consistency with the
children's providers and an understanding of their needs and refrain from engaging in
behaviors and conversations that trigger her children. Her home will need to be safe,
free from substances, and not impact her children's health.


Mr. Barnes will need to demonstrate the ability to engage with providers consistently,
develop appropriate coping skills, and utilize those skills to refrain from engaging in
aggressive behaviors, maintain healthy relationships, and refrain from substance use




REF No.: 2482884 Page 18 of 22
dcf
























and illegal activity. He will need to demonstrate an understanding of his children's
needs and ability to meet those needs and ensure to promote their growth,
development, and interests. He should demonstrate safety so that the safety plan can
be lifted and DCF can conduct home visits.


Minority Opinion?
(When a Foster Care Review panel member disagrees with other panel members regarding a Determination, they may
hold a Minority Opinion which is documented.)
N/A - there is no Minority Opinion


Comments
The review period is 9 months.


This reviewer began the meeting indicated the limited time provided to complete this
review and the need to obtain the necessary information within that time, resulting in
this reviewer's need to redirect and assist others with focusing on the information
needed for the panel to make determinations. Ms. Barnes struggled with following
through with requests to remain muted until it was her turn to speak and to not
interrupt and required a number of redirections. At one point, she re-entered the
meeting, having two screens on at once. This reviewer expelled the initial screen from
the meeting. Ms. Barnes escalated when discussions surrounding the impact of smoke
in her home and when she felt she was not provided the opportunity to speak and was
difficult to redirect. She indicated she had witnesses that were observing the review and
indicated persons were in the next room. She declined to provide information on the
persons who were observing/listening the review. The panel determined appropriate to
discharge her from the meeting as a result, given the information being discussed and
the persons unknown. The Second Party Panel member noted the change in
presentation when Ms. Barnes entered through the second screen, which this reviewer
also noted observing. She was observed to be sniffling, eyes sunken in, and increase in
verbal escalation and body movements. DCF noted that Ms. Barnes' presentation during
today's review is consistent with her presentation prior to the review period and on
occasion throughout the review period. She was observed to have a bruise on her left
wrist. Ms. Barnes was not present for the determinations related to progress and goals
or the recommendations.


Many participants left the review prior to its completion, such as program staff and
Lilliana, due to the need to return to school and follow through with other obligations. It
was a pleasure to engage with Lilliana during the review.


Please describe any agreements or recommendations that support change or
achievement of the children's permanency plan(s).

As discussed, it is recommended that DCF:
-Update the medical passports and photos of the children in the record.


-Convene an Area Clinical Review Team with the mental health and substance use
specialist to discuss the length of time the children have been in care and the panel's
determination that concurrent planning should begin, the concerns surrounding Ms.


REF No.: 2482884 Page 19 of 22
dcf























Barnes' lack of reporting her substance use history accurately to the substance use
evaluator, her lack of engagement in substance use services and supports, lack of
mental health provider and reported barriers, her inconsistent presentation and reports
as to her understanding of her mental health and need for services, and her lack of
consistent engagement in children's meetings and appointments. The panel
recommended unsupervised visits be halted until the review can be held to discuss the
concerns of lack of long-term and consistent progress toward demonstrating the ability
to be a safe and appropriate parent. Additionally, it is recommended that Mr. Barnes'
lack of consistency with family time visits be discussed to determine if it would be
appropriate to reduce his visits to fifty percent, which is approximately what he is
currently following through with. Update the action plan to reflect recommendations for
Ms. Barnes and follow-up to DCF recommendations, if any.



-Convene a PPC within 20 working days to address Lilliana, Selena, and Jada's goal
changes.

-Document the safety plan with regards to Mr. Barnes' home visits being conducted in
the office and attempt to meet with him monthly.

-Further address the concerns surrounding the cigarette smoke in Ms. Barnes' home
and its impact on children's health and safety.

Mandie Palubeckis
Case Reviewer
Shannon Casey
FCR Manager


REF No.: 2482884 Page 20 of 22
dcf






















This document contains important information.
Please have it translated immediately.
В этом документе содержится очень
важная информация. Постарайтесь,
пожалуйста, срочно перевести его.
Este documento contiene información importante.
Por favor, hágalo traducir de inmediato.
Dokiman sila genyen enfomasyon ki enpotan.
Tanpri fè on moun tradwi I pou ou imedyatman.
Questo documento contiene informazioni
importanti. Questo modulo va tradotto
immediatamente.
Este documento contém informações
importantes. Deve ser traduzido prontamente.
Tài liệu này bao gồm thông tin quan
trọng. Xin địch bản này ra ngôn ngữ
của quý vị ngay.
ເອກະສານສະບັບນີ້ໄດ້ບັນຈຸເອົາຂໍ້ມູນອັນສຳຄັນ. ກະຣຸນາໃຫ້ເອກະສານສະບັບນີ້ໄດ້ຖືກແປອອກຢ່າງບໍ່ລໍຊ້າ.
ឯកសារនេះផ្ទុកពត៌មានដ៏សំខាន់ ។
សូមបកប្រែវាជាបន្ទាន់ ។
這文件包含重要的資訊。
請立即把它翻譯。










REF No.: 2482884 Page 21 of 22
dcf












REF No.: 2482884 Page 22 of 22
dcf


