UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
for the
District of Massachusetts


Becky Mollison-Barnes
Plaintiff(s)

(Write the full name of each plaintiff who is filing this complaint.
If the names of all the plaintiffs cannot fit in the space above,
please write "see attached" in the space and attach an additional
page with the full list of names.)

-V-

-Nicolette Hay
 Kerri Cuppucero 
Tavernie Miller.
Defendant(s)

(Write the full name of each defendant who is being sued. If the
names of all the defendants cannot fit in the space above, please
write "see attached" in the space and attach an additional page
with the full list of names.)


COMPLAINT FOR A CIVIL CASE

I.
)
Case No.
(to be filled in by the Clerk's Office)
Jury Trial: (check one) ☑Yes No

The Parties to This Complaint

A. The Plaintiff(s)

Provide the information below for each plaintiff named in the complaint. Attach additional pages if needed.
Name Becky Morrison-Barnes
Street Address  152 Vincent Street
City and County Springfield, Hampden
State and Zip Code Massachusetts 01129
Telephone Number 413-264-9810
E-mail Address beckybarnes555@gmail.com




B. The Defendant(s)
Provide the information below for each defendant named in the complaint, whether the defendant is an individual, a government agency, an organization, or a corporation. For an individual defendant,
include the person's job or title (if known). Attach additional pages if needed.

Page 1 of 5




Pro Se 1 (Rev. 09/16) Complaint for a Civil Case

Defendant No. 1
Name Nicelette Hay
Job or Title (if known)  Department of Children and Familkies Supervisor
Street Address 112 industry Ave
City and County  Springfield Hamden
State and Zip Code  Massachusetts 01104 
Telephone Number 413-205-0500
E-mail Address (if known) 


Defendant No. 2
Name Kerri Cappиссio
Job or Title (if known) Department of Children and Families social worker
Street Address 117 industry Ave 
City and County Springfield Hamden
State and Zip Code Massachusetts 01104 
Telephone Number 413-205-0500
E-mail Address (if known) 



Defendant No. 3
Name Tavtne MilleR
Job or Title (if known) DCF Commissioner
Street Address 1 Ashburton PL  
City and County Boston
State and Zip Code Massachusetts 01104 
Telephone Number 617-748-2000
E-mail Address (if known) 




Defendant No. 4
Name
Job or Title (if known)
Street Address
City and County
State and Zip Code
Telephone Number
E-mail Address (if known)

Page 2 of 5




Pro Se 1 (Rev. 09/16) Complaint for a Civil Case


II. Basis for Jurisdiction

Federal courts are courts of limited jurisdiction (limited power). Generally, only two types of cases can be
heard in federal court: cases involving a federal question and cases involving diversity of citizenship of the parties.
Under 28 U.S.C. § 1331, a case arising under the United States Constitution or federal laws or treaties is a federal question case. Under 28 U.S.C. § 1332, a case in which a citizen of one State sues a citizen of another State or nation and the amount at stake is more than $75,000 is a diversity of citizenship case. In a diversity of citizenship case, no defendant may be a citizen of the same State as any plaintiff.

 What is the basis for federal court jurisdiction? (check all that apply) 

☑Federal question ☐Diversity of citizenship



 
Fill out the paragraphs in this section that apply to this case.


A. If the Basis for Jurisdiction Is a Federal Question

List the specific federal statutes, federal treaties, and/or provisions of the United States Constitution that are at issue in this case.

42 U.S.C $1983-Deprivation of Rights under the color of law
Amdt 14, S1,5.8.1 Parental of Citizenship and Children's right and Due Process

 



B.  If the Basis for Jurisdiction Is Diversity of Citizenship



1. The Plaintiff(s)


a. If the plaintiff is an individual
 The plaintiff, (name) Becky Morrison-Barnes ,is a citizen of the State of(name) Massachusetts

b. If the plaintiff is a corporation
The plaintiff, (name)         , is incorporated
under the laws of the State of (name)
and has its principal place of business in the State of (name)

(If more than one plaintiff is named in the complaint, attach an additional page providing the same information for each additional plaintiff.)

2. The Defendant(s)

a. If the defendant is an individual 
The defendant, (name) Kerri Lappuccio, Taverne Miller, Nicolette Hay is a citizen of the State of (name) Massachusetts. Or is a citizen of (foreign nation)




Page 3 of 5


Pro Se 1 (Rev. 09/16) Complaint for a Civil Case


b. If the defendant is a corporation

, is incorporated under the laws of the State of (name) , and has its
principal place of business in the State of (name)
Or is incorporated under the laws of (foreign nation)




3.



and has its principal place of business in (name)
same
(If more
 information
 than one defendant is named in the complaint, attach an additional page providing the for each additional defendant.)
The Amount in Controversy
stake-is
The amount in controversy-the amount the plaintiff claims the defendant owes or the amount at more than $75,000, not counting interest and costs of court, because (explain):





III. Statement of Claim

Write a short and plain statement of the claim. Do not make legal arguments. State as briefly as possible the facts showing that each plaintiff is entitled to the damages or other relief sought. State how each defendant was involved and what each defendant did that caused the plaintiff harm or violated the plaintiff's rights, including the dates and places of that involvement or conduct. If more than one claim is asserted, number each claim and write a short and plain statement of each claim in a separate paragraph. Attach additional pages if needed.


   Nicolette Hay 1 Deprivation of Rights under color of law

Amdt 14.s1,5.8.1 Parental and Childrens Rights 

Nicolette Hay violated my 14th Ammendment by engaging misconduct as in lying on legal documents and Misinforming Springfield Juvenile Court in order to attempt to terminate my parental rights.

 


 State briefly and precisely what damages or other relief the plaintiff asks the court to order. Do not make legal arguments. Include any basis for claiming that the wrongs alleged are continuing at the present time. Include the amounts of any actual damages claimed for the acts alleged and the basis for these amounts. 
Include any punitive or exemplary damages claimed, the amounts, and the reasons you claim you are entitled to actual or punitive money damages.




I am asking the  court to aware 500,000.00 in damages. This abuse is ongoing.
Also Policy and Procedure changes or policy changes or order for defendabts to follow DCF policy and procedures approproiatly. 
  


Page 4 of 5




Pro Se 1 (Rev. 09/16) Complaint for a Civil Case


V. Certification and Closing
Under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, by signing below, I certify to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief that this complaint: (1) is not being presented for an improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of litigation; (2) is supported by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law; (3) the factual contentions have evidentiary support or, if specifically so identified, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further investigation or discovery; and (4) the complaint otherwise complies with the requirements of Rule 11.






 



A. For Parties Without an Attorney

I agree to provide the Clerk's Office with any changes to my address where case-related papers may be
in served. I understand that my failure to keep a current address on file with the Clerk's Office may result  the dismissal of my case.

 
Date of signing: Becky Morrion B May2nd 2025
Pitata t it a atr ky as Bames 

Printed Name of Plaintiff Beedzy Morrison-Barnes


B.
For Attorneys
Date of signing:
Signature of Attorney
Printed Name of Attorney
Bar Number
Name of Law Firm
Street Address
State and Zip Code
Telephone Number
E-mail Address

Page 5 of 5