1. Nicolette Hay violated my right to Amdt S1.5 .81 by lying on legal documents in order to make the juvenile court believe my parental rights should be terminated to my four daughters

Nicolette hey violated my rights and deprived me of my right to liberty. This defendant is interfering with my right to due process.

1. Kerri Cappuccio Violated my 14th Amendment by engaging in misconduct as in lying on legal documents and misinforming Springfield Juvenile Court in order to attempt to terminate my parental rights


2.Kerri Cappuccio Violated my right to Amdt S1.5.81 lying on legal documents in order to make the juvenile court believe my parental rights should be terminated to my four daughters

Kerri Cappuccio Violated my rights and deprive me of liberty.



1. Taverne Miller Violated by 14th Amendment by allowing Defendants Nicolette Hay and Kerry Capuccio to move forward with falsified legal documents presented to Springfield Juvenile Court in order to terminate my parental rights to my four daughters.


2. Taverne Miller violated my riy right to Amdt  S1.5.8, 1
By allowing derendants Nicolette Hay and
Kerri Cuppucces to move forward with Falsified legal documents presented to Springfield Juvenile Court in order to terminate my parental rights to my four daughters.

With the defendants providing legal documents containing perjury, I am being deprived my Constitution rights as an American citizen This inhumane behavior is interfering with my due process.

My children have been held from me for a period of five years with no proper long term plan. I have completed everything they have asked. The defendants Nicolette Hey and Kerri Cappuccio have brainwashed my children.

The listed defendants have done absolutely nothing positive for my family and are having a Negative impact on our lives. I am desperately asking the Federal Court to step in and evaluate this situation. My four daughters have come to visits with claims of physical abuse while in DCF custody, I do have at least 100 photos of severe bruising. I am very concerned for my children's safety and have reported it every time, but nothing was done. Please help me and my daughters. I will not receive a fair trial when a majority of the documents contain absolute false information and perjury. If not all documents