

 2000

Expanding my room

I hate looking back and being reminded of the half-assed jobs I've done. lol Yet I'm constalty finding little tidbits, like the wall. It all started when I got the idea to have Jamie move in, I don't know where that idea came from, but it hasn't well thought out. 
I did a terrible job when I replaced the drywall, I did a terrible job joining the old and new sections of the wall, I was on a huge rush for nothing. lol But I wasn't sleeping and felt like needed to do something fast, I wasn't living in the moment. 

I don't know why I felt like I had so many expectations placed on me or why I thought my moms basement was a great idea. lol 


Tonsils
For a couple years I had noticed these white hard clumps in the back of my throat, it would get so annoying, that I started poking my tonsils with a toothbrush and would squeeze the hard smelly masses out. 

I went to see a doctor at Baystate, he seemed shocked that I was gabbing my throat and asked if I wanted my tonsils removed, I don't know why I thought it was a good idea to have them removed, I don't recall being told if there was another treatment option. It took care of the issue, I also don't think I ever had strep-throat again.
Had my tonsils out in the spring while I was working for control air supply. I’ll have to get the exact date at some point but in the spring or summer of 2000 I needed to have my tonsils removed. For years before this, I would feel something rubbing the back of my tongue and when I look in my throat, I’d see a little white dot protruding from my tonsil. So I’ll grab a toothbrush and squeeze the hell out of it to get that tonsil stone out. Those things would smell absolutely disgusting so I gave my doctor crap about it so they would do something about it. I’m not sure if it was a great idea to have my tonsils removed, but it bothered me other time so I did and I don’t know what was causing those tonsil stones.

I had surgery and I don’t believe I follow the doctors orders. I ate Velveeta shells and cheese soon after surgery and I remember coding the back of my throat. They did laser surgery so you could see burnt flesh. I ended up going back to work and not taking any time off to heal and three or four days later my throat split open and blush started gushing out of my mouth while I was at work.

I don’t know why I decided to fill a large 16 ounce red solo cup with that blood and carry it through the warehouse outside and then asked a coworker to bring me to the emergency room, but while I was standing there waiting to leave with that massive cup of blood in my hand, I decided to throw it at the side of the building, and it looked like two golf ball clumps of blood stuck to the wall and blood splattered all over the place. It was hilarious and disgusting at the same time. I remember a buddy of mine telling me how gross it was to have to use the hose to spray it off the building after that.



I ended up needing to have surgery again to close up the wounds and this time the surgery was successful and I didn’t have any issues  lol

So I went to work that morning and back of my throat was in a decent amount of pain. But I was young and dumb. I never even bothered looking in the back of my throat to see if there was swelling or anything. 



I can’t recall how long I was there, but all of a sudden the pain disappeared and my mouth started filling up with blood. I rushed to the bathroom and grabbed a cup. Some blood got in the sink, swallowed a lot of it, but there was so much I had to use the cup to start catching it. How I was holding my neck made a difference in how much blood was gushing out, so I held my head funny and brought the cup with me as I walked across the warehouse and was able to ask for a ride to the emergency room in between spitting blood out. It was so gross to swallow. 



My buddy Steve brought me to the ER. We had a good laugh about the blood on the way. He ended up leaving me there and headed back to work. I got stuck waiting for a couple hours. Once my neck got weak and I couldn’t hold it up, I started bleeding all over the floor in the waiting room.

That’s when nurses rushed out and brought in me to triage. I was shipped off to surgery right then and there.




When I woke up I was in the children’s area of the hospital, they needed me to stay overnight and this was the only area available. It worked out for me, Jamie was able to stay the night because they had accommodations for parents to stay with kids and I had a tv in my private room. Something that wasn’t normal for the time. Even cell phones weren’t special back then. I remember Jamie left to get something to eat and all of a sudden I started to feel super weak. So I decided to walk to the bathroom and also remember thinking about get something to drink. They had a shelf with cups and a water pitcher, but as I neared that area I had to tech for the bathroom door as fast as I could, before I could even register what was happening, I projectile vommited all that dried blood I swallowed all over the bathroom, but I instantly felt like a million bucks, you couldn’t tell I had surgery. 

=====================================================


Fix Ricky lol

I don’t have very many pictures of my daughter, but I figured I’d share this one with my father and grandma Francis. Grandma Francis was living with us at the time and Samantha was coming over for supervised visits.










I started feeling sick again in spring of 2000, I was working at a heating and air conditioning warehouse because a neighbor across the street had asked me to switch jobs in the summer of 1999, so I left the night auditor job at the Red Roof Inn and started working there at the warehouse. When I first started working at that heating and air conditioning warehouse I felt like an animal. Even stop driving to work and started riding my bicycle I would race the neighbor who lived across the street to work every morning and home every night and I would beat him every single time. And then I got injured when some pipe fell and cut my leg and it's around that time that I had another mental collapse. i didn't understand what was going on and I think everybody thought I was a fool and faking it. but I had more issues going on than just the cut on my leg. I started having severe depression and panic attacks for no reason and then I got married in August of 2000 after asking a girl i  barely knew a year to marry me on mothers day of 2000. I was in a big rush for everything, my anxiety was on overdrive and I don't know what I was thinking. I also don't want to blame everything on my hyperthyroidism. I'm sure there were times where it was just pure anxiety and panic, because I felt like I had all these unrealistic expectations placed upon me and I couldn't even explain why I was having problems in the first place. I was in a rush to be normal and not have people asking me what I'm doing, so started racing forward without thinking things through.







Mother's Day

I don't know why I was always in a rush but I remember going to my Grandma Francis's apartment in Ludlow and asking to borrow money so that I could buy Jamie an engagement ring And of course she gave it to me.

Ask JS to marry me on mother's Day

J S's mother was not happy that I asked her to marry her on mother's Day she acted like I did it to spite her.





We used to visit JS's great grandparents and her grandparents all the time I really enjoyed that



Bob and Vi Bishop



Married JS in August at a Cape Cod Beach



I don't know why I the need to rush again, we paid for a photographer and paid for a venue and then for some reason I wanted to rush things or she wanted to rush things It was probably me, So I tried to cancel those venues, but it didn't work, so I didn't get my money back, and we decided to elope, or get a justice of the peace To marry us at a beach at the Cape.









We rented a hotel and stayed a couple days at the, my mother brother sister father, Her sister Ashley our friend a couple of her friends and I can't remember who else Her brother Brett I think, all went to the beach and then out for seafood after the wedding I think.







Party at my cousin Ellie's and Billy after this but JS's sister didn't show up her mother had planned a different party. 



I remember tearing something in my right hip, pulling the keg out of the trunk of my mother's car, Whatever I did, still bothers me 20 plus years later, it's not terrible, but I did something that, caused some kind of issue. lol



Jamie's sister Amanda and my cousin Joey didn't show up to this, her mother didn't show up, Most of her family didn't show up for our wedding reception, that should have been a sign that things were going to go bad, I always thought her mother Brenda and her sister Amanda were super selfish, that's just my opinion and I still think that, there's no point in me being a liar and pretending I don't.















December













 
1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 