 2002 



Finished Mobile Home

Once that place was fixed up, I used to pick Charles up all the time and then he got a car at 1 point also and would came over and we would watch wrestling every week. It was awesome. We would get nachos from Casa de Nana. It was a Mexican restaurant right up the road, it’s closed now.

we also got drinks at the beach at look pond. 







Howard Johnson

I was around this time that I got a job at the Howard Johnson hotel up the street on Boston Road, I loved it, it was super easy and I got to talk to people all day long, plus I was able to walk there. 

One time it was raining and there was a huge puddle right at the area past my old pre-school, with the stream or outflow running under Boston Rd, and I knew as soon as I heard the car behind me. lol Someone had a great laugh and hit that puddle perfectly, I was soaked head to toe, that wave hit me like a wall. lol The puddle was so deep, I was surprised the car didn't stall after plowing through it like a train. lol 



Spring

Spring windows and Roof

After the drafty winter, I measured and replaced all the windows with new vinyl insulated from Lowes, man did that make a huge difference, I would leave the air conditioner running all summer and the electric bill was only $25 a month, so Hailey got to enjoy a nice cool 

When I was replacing the roof with metal roofing from Lowes, some of it folded back from the wind, I didn't strap the front together tight enough and wind bent it back, so I just adjusted the overhang on the edge to where the bend in the metal happened. I loved the sound of heavy rain on that metal roof, even though there were sheets of insulation between the weed slates the roof was screwed to, you could still hear the rain when it was strong enough and things were quiet enough. the tv could drown out the sound. 





Pinky

Pinky roofing/repair work. was so screwed up I measured those joist wrong. lol I was a disaster. ******** got to hangout with the guys, screwed up measuring shingles. lol I must've drove this guys nuts, but he was the nicest, lol I was cutting shingles wrong, he comes over to me and and askes what the hell I'm doing, lol I simply told him I was copying the previous cuts and he's like- Don't copy me, that's wrong, do it the right way, and went about his business like nothing happened, he wasn't a jerk like lots of other people and didn't give me shit, for what was clearly my mistake, but he turned it into a joke a pretended it might've been his or another persons fault, set me straight and work continued without any issues. It's funny that I remember moments like this, it was on a job for a neighbor in the Moss Rd, neighborhood, so being in that area had my mind suffering the past and now includes this memory. 



Break-up

Jamie and I started having trouble in early spring and she moved out to her grandmother‘s house on Welland Avenue. That’s her father’s mother and she stayed there for a while and I stayed at the mobile home at Pioneer Way. 

I recall I started feeling sick again in April , my wife at the time had moved out in April or May and I was fighting the courts to also try to see my daughter who was born in 1997, her mother and I were never married, then she offered me a chance to stop fighting because she saw how the physical effects of dealing with the courts were taking their toll on me and she actually showed mercy. Regardless of any issues we ever had, she showed me more compassion than the courts ever did. 









Court

Jamie never came to support me or even asked what was going on, she never showed any interest. lol

I threatened to kill myself in front of Judge Lyons at one point she was fired for her disgusting behavior towards citizens I'm not even sure how she lasted as long as she did. well I guess I am sure because I know how the system works

I feel like a scumbag father for agreeing to give up fighting for visitation in exchange to stop paying a few dollars in child support a week. When I'm sick like that I don't think straight, and in May 2002 MM told me that "you know the state will never stop, they'll never help you, they're just going to keep jerking you around forever." Then she told me "You deserve a break" and in my weakened mental state I agreed with her. Anyone that knows me knows I'm a real pain in the rear end when I'm feeling healthy. 

So looking back I just feel like a complete loser for doing that, for giving up when I felt like I was winning. Like I was getting close to not just getting visitation, I was confident I could get joint custody of one of my kids and custody of the other.

July 22 we had court and I remember telling Mindy that Jamie was pregnant, like she might want Samantha to see her half sibling, but she just went on about how I can be a great father to this new kid and I remember think, why can't I be a good father for all my kids, why just the one? it didn't workout that way anyway. lol it was worse. But I always went to court alone, I never had anyone to stand by my side or to help me work through anything and the times people did "help", I always had to listen to shit, so it always came at a price. 

Breakup



I broke up from with my first wife for a short time around this time period. when she came back, she got pregnant right away.

May- I was living alone in our mobile home this time Jamie and I were having trouble, She was a little at her grandmother’s on Welland. I remember feeling like a train wreck because Mindy had talked me into signing away visitation and exchange for child support. I had no one to talk to you about anything, I still don’t have anyone to talk to you about anything and it is 2025 lol

 Needless to say, she came back one time to talk and got pregnant and we kept trying to work on things even though working with me appears to be more difficult than people could ever imagine. lol 



June

Uncle Norman Passed from a surgical complication, like Tammy's dad Richard in 2023 

June 16 uncle Norman died. I felt terrible for him, I didn't go to see him, Towards the end I didn't really feel close with him. I was still about the disagreement he had with my mother about putting Grandma Francis in the nursing home. He went in for some type of heart valve surgery end some plaque had broken loose I guess, and from I was told it had clogged arteries in his intestines and they began to rot, So doctors performed a few emergency surgeries, to try preventing anymore organ death, but in the end I heard he suffered horribly and I guess my cousin Norman is with him in the end holding his hand, telling him it's OK to let go.

If you like a piece of shit taking my mother's side defending her so adamantly, what I didn't stop to take someone else's side of the story and then I never even said goodbye to them, someone that I had known my entire life. I'm pretty sure they had his funeral over on 432 East Street in Ludlow. I remember feeling terrible for my Aunt Flossie, because she had raised her little brother, after their mother had passed away And now my Grandpa Francis was also in a nursing home and wasn't doing well. Aunt Pearl and Uncle Leo came down New York, like they always did.

Ellie and Billy were there, at one point my brother And Erica were standing outside near the exit and I could tell my brother was about to cry, so I pointed at him and started laughing and that caused him lose his composure and he started crying.

I think this was the first big funeral in the family, since Uncle Art had passed away when I was a child. I felt terrible for Aunt Flossie, Uncle Norman used to come visit almost every single day or they would talk on the phone, He used to drive my philosophy to, I was always around, he was someone the family could count on. 



Finding out

I can't recall where we were driving home from, but Jamie and I were on 91 north in downtown Springfield, heading back home, a mile or so from the 291 ramp, when she decided to share that she was pregnant, lol seems as good of a time as any. I remember she looked sad or responded like it was a bad thing, but I was beyond excited, I thought this was going to be my chance to finally be an amazing father. 

We were spending a lot of time with her Great Grand Parents, grand parents, Mom, Ed and brother and sisters, so it felt like the family was growing. I was so excited to Dietrich to experience childhood, I felt like mine was filled with so much joy and wonder, I thought for sure his was going to be even better. 













Christmas

Before Christmas I was laid off from the Howard Johnson Hotel. The manager was having trouble with someone that lived there and thought that I had helped that person hide a VHS Cassette of her son who happened to be the janitor and that person having a fight in the office. No idea where that tape went or what their fight was about.





 
1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 