 2007

January 3

Karaoke with Steve, I used to go to the rex and downtown to sing and hangout. Ran into uncle Fred/Aunt Keri Stebbins in their older years. I called out to uncle Fred and he didn't respond, Paul asked what his female name was and I happened to have heard it and when we called Keri, he and his buddies all ran over in their sun dresses and chatted for a few.







Was hanging out with Mary Wallbridge and her friends from the 99 restaurant and going downtown a lot. It was somewhere around this point in my life I adopted the idea that I was just going to say yes every time some one asked me to do something. There are times I noticed I just felt super depressed I would just stay home and do nothing, so I wanted to make sure I broke that horrible habit.


March 8 Snow Storm messing with Dom out front like we did with my dad as kids.

https://youtu.be/JgoRera70Dc






Westfield Wildwater Canoe race

April 21st I raced the Westfield Wildwater Canoe race for the first time. I was super pumped, after watching Shawn Battles race years ago, I was ready to kick some ass and see what I was made of, unfortunately my partner more interested in a relaxing down the river, while drinking beer. lol

 my brother raced with Joe Ferrero, they came in second place at one hour two minutes and 24 seconds, and I raised with Dennis Olisky, we came in 4th place at an hour and six minutes and 27 seconds













My nephew's dad Kirk. he has a scar on his face. I don't think you could see it. he told me he got it in a knife fight.










2007 Donat E Soucy died 1-20 born 1-30-1929 married to Agnes father to Robert Soucy, grandfather to Robert and Eric Soucy



2007- Sullivan and associates- So I got let go from Sullivan Associates because I filed too many complaints against employees who were not doing their jobs or abusing people with disabilities. They even tried transferring me to other houses but I improved those other houses when I worked there as well and I was making everyone look bad just by having fun and being a normal human being. Don't forget about that guy I used to have to bring the Worcester for therapy sessions. When I first started working first Sullivan and Associates the house they gave me was a complete disaster. This was my first experience as a manager of anything. It took me like two months to get that house in working order and after I was done it ran so smoothly that I made everyone else in the company look bad and I started to make a lot of enemies. 



First off I created a standard form for medication to bring to the doctors so that there would be no more confusion. Understand why the state doesn't have a standard form for every company. Manager was allowed to create whatever type of form they wanted when bringing clients to the doctors. And then I started making staff interact with the clients and bring them places. Are going to the gym every single day and people complained, not the clients but other staff. I used to take the clients to the gym by myself and then we'd go to big Y every night to buy whatever they would like for dinner and then we would grill it. Before I started all the guys ate was pasta and hotdogs every night, I thought that was most disgusting thing I ever heard in my entire life. After work with me for a couple of months these guys were in the best shape of their lives, we went to the casino a couple of times, we went to the mall all the time, we went hiking all the time, and 1 of the guys had leg problems it was supposed to wear leg braces but he loved walking so much without them,  that he got to the point where he didn't need them. I started filing a lot of complaints about the abuse and neglect I was witnessing in other homes and by staff members that worked in the house that I managed. 





Then my program manager tried getting me to work at other locations and tried to give me kids that they considered troubled. They sent me to a house in Hadley thinking that I would get upset having to deal with this one guy that was a runner, but they were in for a rude awakening because as soon as that guy took off out the door I took off after him but I didn't yell I just jogged behind him. It was like three miles up the road where this autistic adult males like 23 maybe 25 years old, he stopped running, turned around and said he had to go to bathroom. lol We were too far away from the house at that point so I had them pee in the woods, I think this guy was shocked that I even offered that idea. We walked back to the House and he didn't talk anymore when we got back to the house we went in the backyard and I asked him if he wanted to play catch and he looked like the happiest guy in the world for the next three hours. The other employee in the house sat there watching BET the entire time, and didn't interact with this client at all. No wonder these people like to run they're constantly neglected. That's probably the only attention he'd got ever from the staff is when he ran. lol



I was laid off not that long after this, I had received a phone call that one of the clients was destroying the House and I needed to show up at the home right away, this was like 8:00 o'clock in the morning. When I get to the house the living room and kitchen are all smashed, the microwaves on the floor, the toasters on the floor, the tv had a crack across the screen. lol Dishes were everywhere, it was hilarious because I was not used to anything like that at all. The female staff member had to leave at that point saying she was late for something and I stayed and spoke with the client who decided to smash the house. 

He had quite the story. Told me that he wasn't feeling well, He said that when he told the other coworker that had just left that he didn't want to go to work today because he didn't feel well that she grabbed his leg, yanked him out of bed and he fell on the floor. Now I'd work with this guy for some time at this point and he was the sweetest older gentleman you could ever imagine working with he was the nicest easiest guy and he never ever gave anyone a hard time so I believe him when he said that this lady was a monster and grabbed her by the leg and yanked him onto the floor because she just wanted to leave and wanted him to go to work.









2007- Unemployment I could have looked for a job but I was so disgusted that they fired or not fired me but let me go because I was doing a great job and they had to pay for it so I just took that time to spend time helping other people



June Texas Vacation








I thought I would be so cool to swim underneath these falls and man was I was in for a rude awakening because there were little rattlesnakes all up on the rocks underneath there and that was terrifying lol







The picture below is of Smiley, My cousin Roxanne's husband, J.R.'s brother. There are no pictures of me because I was the first person to go tubing that day and when we took a sharp turn and the tube flipped, I thought it'd be a great idea to hold on, and I ended up cracking myself in the right side of my ribs with my elbow and I either fractured or dislocated a rib, it was beyond painful, but we just started the day, so I stayed.
Every bump was misery, I lost my breathe every time. lol I was so grateful when we ended up heading to an area we people we all anchored together, listening to music and drinking. Even floating with a noodle was a disaster, a few people thought I was faking. lol Like I'm trying to avoind hangout with sexy half naked women on the lake. lol
We went out to a reataraunt on the lake and ate overlooking the lake. As we were loading the boat up, Smiley thought it would be funny to punch me in the ribs, since he thought I was being a baby and I almost passed out. lol It was hilariously painful, and it hurt like that for almost a month. the flight home was phydsically misreable. lol but I've always enjoyed flying, I always see something beautiful or interesting out the window, even if it's just something quick view. 





This was taken father's Day June 15th one of the last times that I remember seeing Kirk




July Vermot with mary dom 












July 31 Forest Park







August 1st Took Dom to the zoo with some chick I met. Pretty sure she thought I was gay because I didn't make any moves on her. I still felt like a train wreck and didn't know what to do with my life, so I was not in the mood put the moves on any one. Who am I kidding, I've never put the moves on anyone anyway. lol















August Dom's first birthday party

                                                                     





From left to right it's me my grandma Stebbins, my dad, my sister And Dominic in the highchair.



I'm met AM the girl with the white shirt sitting in the chair shortly after breaking up with SS. We used to go play pool in West Springfield and then we went and sang karaoke at the Rex. She had gotten pregnant at one point and tried to say it was mine. lol I used to have the results but I had a blood test done just to prove that I wasn't the baby's daddy.





2007 Watching that old guy 2007

                                       









2007 Flossie G Patrie Died 12-2  Born Flossie Gero 5-3-1914 So many happy memories , Francis Gero sister









December 12 Playing ball with Dom



https://youtu.be/8RNVunJChZE



 
1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 

2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 