 2008

hanging at Pauls in Stafford Springs




Dom's first real snowman








February

The Rex Lounge in Chicopee: Fist Fight Night 





The 7th (date on Banks 2021 paperwork) 

It started as a normal night of Karaoke. I was there with with my dad, Mary W, Darlene, B, Reno, Tony Cross, Erica Larner and a bunch of other regulars including Dino and Kathy.

It was not my fault, I was minding my own business. Either way, We were all sitting at a table by the front door, Darlene was sitting across the table from me, with her back to the wall, Reno was sitting to my right and we were just talking, goofing around and waiting for our turns to sing karaoke. 

Then this guy that looked just like Magnum Pi, he had the 80s hair mustache, he was tall and muscular, came, leaned in close to Darlene and started getting flirty. 

He started whispering stuff in her ear, but at some point I guess his mustache brushed her neck, so she asked him to stop. lol

I remember someone said something to me, but I didn't witness this incident, so I didn't care, lol  I wasn't going to get upset over nothing, so I just ignored it and assumed people are just feeling the alcohol. 

A few minutes go by and this guy's back over next to Darlene and I guess the same thing happened again. 

I remember Reno asking this guy to nicely to step away, he says that she's asked you not to do that, and that's when this Magnum Pi looking guy says to Reno- "you want a punch in the mouth" and then he just hauls off and punches him in the mouth. lol 

Looking back now, I don't think that guy punched Reno that hard in the mouth, but it was the heat of the moment, so I just responded. 

Before Reno even had time to touch his lip, I burst from my chair, I shoved Reno out of the way, which incidentally threw him to the floor, which I didn't eevn realize. I just started punching this guy in the face, his head started bouncing off the wall, I hit him like 15 times, then my father yanked me away and this guy felt at a floor, blood pouring from his nose and mouth. 

Tony and Erica were trying to help him up, then in the heat of the moment, I don't know what the fuck I was thinking, I yanked myself away from my father, then I soccer kicked this guy in the face, before he even had a clue what was going on. 

It was horrifying, I've never seen a body just drop limp like before. In my defense, this guy was a lot bigger than I was at the time and he just started swinging, so I didn't know what to do. 

When the cops arrived, they started congratulating me, they said this guy has been going to local bars and picking fights with all kinds of people. The people in the ambulance were laughing because I broke this guy's nose and he had a 3 inch gash across his forehead. They said I was about time this guy got his ass kicked. 

But honestly I felt like a piece of crap. 

I remember room and looking in the mirror, my hands were shaking and I couldn't believe what happened, I felt so bad because that guy had to be taken off at an ambulance. And I felt like such a piece of shit because everybody was congratulating me thought it was such a great thing. I tried to pump myself up and go along, but it felt so fake, I didn't really feel good about beating that guy unconscious.

I think the worst part for me, was that my right hand and my right foot both hurt for over a month after that. Every time I went to the gym I was reminded of that fight. But I still know I was in the right, so what are you going to do lol





Picture below of me looking like a dork around the time of fight. lol


Picture of Darlene and I singing Picture by Kid Rock and Sheryl Crow. She didn't sing very often, but I got her to sing a couple times. lol






Picture is of me working on my optical illusions, it looks like I'm licking my father's ear, while his girlfriend is giving him a kiss on the cheek. lol


Picture of the bruise on Reno's arm for me throwing them to the ground lol 



Even though that guy was in the wrong, Reno and I sill had to deal with this in court,

 this a couple months later and we signed paperwork saying we didn't remember what happened that night. 
Reno ended up hiring an attorney because he assaulted, this lawyer was a buffon, he didn't seem to have a clue what was going on, he mentioned that this counld take months and I might want to hire an attorney.

I ended up arguing with the prosecutor, I thought it was a bunch of bullshit that Reno and I should have to deal with this shit at all. Reno was a victim and I only hit that guy because he sexually harassed someone, then punched someone in the face for asking him to stop, it was furious that I was expected to expalin myself over and over. I demanded to know where all the statements were from the witnesses that night and I had a list of people that were ready to testify, I thought it was fucking bullshit we had to deal with this at all.

I guess the procescuter agrede with my way of thinking, they had us sign a paper that we don't recall the detail of that night and weren't going to pursure charges against the other parties, we agreed it was all just a big misunderstanding.

Then this buffon of a lawyer has the nerve to tell me that I should become a lawyer or an investigator. 

After these charges were dismissed this guy still wanted to fight me, I guess he was a boxer and he felt like I had cheated. lol 
All because he hit my friend and then I hit him, cause and effect. lol

Some people never grow up, this guy was 10-15 years older than me, he shouldn't have been acting like an angry/spoiled child, just because things didn't go his way and here he was looking to get knocked out again.lol Like I would trust this dickhead to stand toe to toe in a fair fight. lol

April


Saturday April 19th Westfield Wildwater Canoe races, Saturday I raced with Dara in the aluminum canoe, and my dad and brother raced in a Coleman. I felt so bad for Dara this entire race we zigzagged back and forth we spun around like a bunch of goofballs and I had no idea that it was all the canoes fault. She probably thought I stunk lol 

Dara and I came in 12th place at that hour and 12 minutes and 53 seconds in recreation mixed male female class. My brother and father came in 29th place at an hour and 25 minutes and 40 seconds in the Coleman class















I'm pretty sure I bragged bragged about how we are going to kick ass and then then we spun around right here like a bunch of goofballs and it was terrible we lost so much time and we did so much worse than I thought we were going to do. lol I really don't stink that bad lol
















Sunday the 20th I did the pro canoe races with Joe Ferrero and I got my picture in the city newspaper. I think it's hilarious that my buddy got cut out of the picture lol



Found the pic I paid for off of the newspaper website






Before the race he told me the only way that he gets pumped up is if somebody sticks a finger in his belly button apparently I didn't stick my finger in far enough because we didn't win the race

















April 30th Testing Dom's grip strength I don't know how long it took before you could actually do a pull up LOL


June





Around June I invited my dad to karaoke and introduced him to a friend there Mary Walbridge and they kind of hit things off and got into a relationship for a few years. Also met Darlene that year





2008 Country inn and suites 2008-2009



May 12 






In June of this year I thought it would be hilarious to take this photo and have a poster made at Walgreens because they would mail it and everything,  it totaled like 20 bucks, I couldn't resist I thought it was the funniest thing in the world. So I had my sister take the picture, I uploaded it to Walgreens and I just waited for a response. My uncle ended up calling me like two weeks later asked me what the hell I was thinking. lol When I went from vacation in 2009 he had it hanging above the mantle in his living room, he had taken some thumbtacks and pinned it there just before I arrived. it was absolutely hilarious. lol




2008-06-16





2008-06-18









Kathy also shaved Dominick's head for the first time this summer








Quabbin trip June with Paul




July
This picture beloew was taken at crossroads in palmer at the end of 67. I never miss an opportunity to climb something, I'm part monkey. lol




July back to Mt Tom we went a lot that year. Paul told me to try to look like beaker from the Muppets, so I try to suck my face in as best I could. I think I did a good job. lol










2008- Charles "Bill" Cote died 8-16 born 12-30-1932 Erica Stebbins Grandfather, used to go swimming at their house



This is one of the most exciting times I had in Vermont, I jumped off the bridge this time you can see in the picture below I spent a lot of time with my dad which I always liked. I kayak down this river almost caught a fish and it flipped the kayak and I almost lost the camera that I had I only ended up losing the pliers that my dad loaned me there at the bottom of the river somewhere.







2008-09-28
I was devastated when I learned Dominic's father had died, someone had notified me while I was working at the Country Inn and Suites at Holyoke. I felt like garbage at the time, my forearms were on fire, and I was an emotional disaster. I couldn't stop thinking about all of the memories that Dominic was gonna miss out on, All the special events that his father wasn't going to get to be there for Come on it and it was eating me alive and I didn't know how to handle it, and no one else seemed to care.

I felt like I needed to step up and become a role model in his life Comm I did the best I could lol
But being sick off and on kept me from doing as much as I wanted with him, and it kept me from getting ahead in life.
2008 Bhn 2008-2009



October 5 








Ocotber 6 cushion tunnels








Carved pumpkins with the kids- It was around this time that I invited DB and her kids to move in with us. I was not mentally in the greatest of places, but I did it anyway, I didn't know any better. 








October Halloween at Ellie and Billy's






2008-11-14

Lillian Grace Stebbins









2008 Kirk Anthony Intellisano died 11-28 Born 6-13-1973 Nephew Dominic's father. hung-out a few times. nice guy with struggles. I remember I was devastated when Kirk died because Dominic was just a baby and I knew what it would be like for him to grow up without a father. I think the worst part is somebody called me at work and told me I was working out the country and in sweets in Holyoke and there was nothing I could do about it, just sit at work alone and have a panic attack lol



December 2008- 







I think it was December I started doing cross stitching at work. I started getting bored just sitting there. This is around the time that my elbow started to really burn as well. My forearms felt like they were on fire all the time and the doctor didn’t believe me


December taking Valium and it didn't help at all.
I used to stand in the corner a lot as a kid. i offered to let Dom try, but this was the end of it. lol






Medications for the year.









 
1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 
