 2010

February second ice fishing at 5-MILE. I think it was just Reno Brian and I that day I don't think anyone else showed up maybe. There was a few of us at this time that would meet up and go ice fishing. 






Brian was a big dude so you could imagine how big this bullhead was as he's holding his hand up next to it. this thing was a monster lol



Misty Dawn Strong died 2010-02-14 
born 2-1-1982 daughter to Phil and Lisa Strong, older sister of James and Amber

Misty was an awesome cousin, My last memory of hanging out with her was running into her downtown in 2005, after going to some bar, I had gotten separated this girl Sandy I was seeing, she didn't know the area, So I was just going to walk home, but I ran into Misty and thankfully she gave me a ride home. I remember crying in the parking lot about her mother being murdered and Uncle Brian dying. This is sad to write, I never got to meet her kids. She lived in North Carolina at the time of her passing. 



Griswold Center- Spring Time
I didn't feel like the blind therapist was working out, so sort out a new therapist in Palmer,
I was so desperate at this point, I felt extra terrible about my erectile dysfunction. lol
this caused things to sour with Janine, So I invited Darlene to my counseling sessions as well, and tried to show her that these therapists don't listen, that they're not trying to get to the bottom of my issues and felt totally lost and didn't know what 45 minutes every few weeks was supposed to accomplish. 







2010 Advantage sale and marketing 2010-2012


I caught the biggest crampy I've ever seen at Dimmock Pond right there At Hubbard Park on Parker St


I'm not sure why my mental health records are not complete in this area, I'm going to have to keep looking. 
I was going to the Griswold Center at this point, after stopping seeing the blind therapist in Springfield on 120 Maple St. in that same building I saw therapists as a child and that doctor threatened me with a needle.
 I can't remember what drugs I was prescribed, but I remember bringing a couple ex girlfriends to the Griswald center and allowing them to be a part of my sessions. I was willing to try anything to help explain what was going on with me and they were all for it. 

During these sessions I tried to explain that I'm not the same person right now, as I was when I was talking to these people in the past, I told these prescribers that I didn't think or feel the same, that something felt very wrong. 
I even tried to explain my erectile dysfunction and how ED medication didn't help, but it was like talking to a wall. I don't feel like those prescribers listened at all, I don't feel like any therapists or psychiatrists or psychologists that I've ever seen, ever actually listened, they just want you forget you issues and move on when things get complicated.

Thankfully I had witnesses, I mean I could probably call them and I'm sure they'd love to bitch and moan about my behavior. Thankfully I'm the proof that our mental health system is failure in this situation. 
I saw that because I figured this all out, on my own, without any higher education. 

Yeah, sure, I watched a lot of tv, I've read all kinds of books, took a couple college courses and went to medical assisting school, but I didn't go to a "university", I never "graduated", not even from community college, yet I was still able to use deductive reasoning and the process of elimination. to figure out my issues





The picture below is Random visit to Ellie and Billy's house in Monson.  This reminds me of the battery powered hunk of junk that I had as a child, though I was way too big for mine when I got it. 
I thought it was great Dom could ride this over at Ellie and Billy's since they had a huge yard. 
There's no room for stuff like that here on Hope St.





This year I raced the Westfield Wildwater canoe races with a girl I was dating JJ, my brother and his friend Todd Collins were a team.

We both raced in the Coleman class, I thought for sure that we were going to beat my brother and his friend, But I was starting get sick at this time, I remember it well because I had started to develop erectile dysfunction and I found it very embarrassing. lol

In the pictures below you can see that I'm wearing these black elbow straps. My elbows were on fire at this time, and nothing I did ever made them feel better.
 I didn't want to miss out on everything, so I just did everything anyway, even when hurt.

The second picture is right after JJ and I took on water. We had just passed through the roughest part of the race, but we took on to much water and I wasn't able to maneuver us towards shore, so we flipped.

 Then I got this bright idea and I thought I was going to be strong enough yank the canoe out of the water, I don't know what the hell I was thinking. 
Like an idiot, I wasted way too much time trying to pull that canoe, then I smartened up and dragged the canoe over to the side of the river and struggled to pull it out, at least we were able to continued on. lol

Coleman results

JJ and I-   19th place at 1 hour 22 minutes and 47 seconds. 
Robert Stebbins and Todd Collin 14th place at 1 hour 19 minutes and 27 seconds.

My sick ass and a girl almost beat two grown men that day(My brother served and I think Todd did too).... Imagine if JJ had a real man or woman on her team that day... She might've gotten first place..... lol 







I fixed the front railing after the races, it was way too dangerous not having something to protect you from a fall in the bushes. lol  Dom wanted to go for a ride to Home Depot to get supplies. 

Seeing him right on the lumber carts reminded me of going to the Grossman's with my family when we were younger, my dad used to there for supplies all the time, It was at the location where the Rick's auto body is now, on Pasco Rd next to Loon Pond.



April 20th
2010-04-20


I don't know what I was thinking, I decided to replace the windows and side our house on Hope St., this was so overwhelming, I don't know what the hell I was thinking. At the time I had just money back from taxes, since I was able to claim my sister and nephew, it was more than I usually got, so I put it fixing the house, but man was it overwhelming. lol

At one point while replacing the small window in the living room, the ladder collapsed while I was standing on it holding the window, because I wasn't paying attention to what I was doing, I should've known the ground was too soft, but I wasn't thinking straight and once I climbed up, it folded under the weight.
I smashed my knee when I saved the window and my knee made me regret it for months after that, but only when I was sitting still, if I was moving my knee, it felt fine.
 When I would sit or lay still, my knee felt like it was tearing itself apart. lol Sleeping was the worst experience for months after that, driving was super annoying. lol I didn't have to move much, I just had to move and the pain would disappear.








This next picture is taken May 20th I was going to finish the house but I ended up going fishing instead
You can see the rail links finished in this picture


May 22nd we had a benefit golf tournament This was over at Veterans Memorial Golf Course on South Branch Parkway I've never done anything like that before, it was a lot of ridiculousness. lol someone flipped a golf cart. someone found a way to get the golf carts to go faster. And for some reason there were a lot of dead frogs all over the place.




2010-05-29
Brian, Frank and I went fishing to a couple cool places.
The first spot was in Northampton, that's in the picture below. You can't tell and for whatever reason we didn't take any pictures, but there's a path behind where I'm standing that leads down to a little beach area, and wall down there Bryan was bottom fishing from above with a and caught a large snapping turtle And then he carried his pole down and tried to pull it ashore but the snapping turtle ended up snapping the line and swimming away.








 and these pictures are in Indian Orchard, behind the factories, the first is above the dam and the second is below. There’s a boat launch above the dam, Brian caught a monster that day, Frank was struggling to keep up.


Below the dam



I caught this baby goose before we went fishing here in Indian Orchard, then I let Frank hold it. He asked me if it had teeth, I told him yes, then he panicked and dropped it. lol
Thankfully it landed in the grass, but I didn't know that guys thought birds had teeth. lol 
Maybe Frank knew something I didn't and I was really the lucky one, maybe baby geese are the most vicious of them all. lol























June 1st  Me and Brian hanging out at Mingles 




Szot park Chicopee






June

 

Justin Pauze died 2010-06-24 born 1978-05-10 

 died in motorcycle crash on Wilbraham Rd. He was a high school buddy, he took print with my cousin Joey. He was currently working with another high school buddy Peter Lafleur. Justin and I used to go to bars and hangout. I'm pretty sure he's how I met Brian Miller, unless it was Joe Thomas. Unless it was because Brian also worked at Papa Gino's in Wilbraham with Joey.








June 25
Me and the lead singer of Derek and the Fun Bags at Maximum Capacity after going to the Chicopee Festival at Szot. I don't remember whose idea it was but somebody wanted me to get my face painted like Spider-man, so I allowed it, I couldn't see it, so I couldn't care. lol When I saw it in the mirror I thought it looked pretty cool. lol





June 26 Misquamicut beach
left to right it's Frank Me Brian Mark and Rich 








4th of July we had a party at Marc's house in West Springfield we had the slip and slide and the ice  luge played beer pong








July 27 Bowling with Dom






July 30 Took a ride up Redbridge fishing



I'm not sure what these remnants of the old factory are up river at Red Bridge, but it looks pretty cool



August 1st monster trucks at Stafford Springs Motor Speedway, I'm pretty sure this was his first monster trucks event, either way it was a blast, I've loved monster trucks since I was a child. It always reminds me of when my dad took a set of Springfield Civic Center To see them when we were kids



I'm writing this in the year 2025 so this was taken 15 years ago and I think I'm still a little bit taller than him, I'm not sure but I'm going to go with that. lol





We want camping in Sturbridge Mass this place is pretty awesome it had a pond and a indoor pool with a hot tub. They had karaoke, one of our songs got cut off because the adults felt that might have been a little too mature for children. My Buddy Reno wanted to sing nickelbacks figured you out. lol That's not allowed at campsites.





August 24th  took Dom to the Westfield International air show at Barnes, I've always loved going to these show since I was a little kid.






September I got the season pass for the Big E and I won this little monkey I met Brian to mark there almost every night I believe and norm. This monkey's still hanging in the basement it's 2025



September 30th Marc, Kyle and I went to a Bruins preseason game. I've never gone to a professional hockey game before or since, it was a lot of fun. we saw some awesome street performers outside of the stadium, playing drums on 5 gallon buckets, I got to take a picture with the team mascot. lol






For my birthday this year my friends held a party at Max cap

Ivan- black shirt, Damont W- B hat(behind Ivan). Norm- NY hat, Jess in back, Me looking like a princess, Marc in back, Rich- Grey NEW YORK jersey, backwards cap, Jessica B- white shirt in front. Eric B,{ behind Jessica B, Amanda- white and black top, Erin- Back top on the right.







This picture of me in front "Ricky's Porta-Potty" was taken the same night, but I don't remember where. lol I guess I'd rather you think of me, while taking a poop in Ricky's Porta-Potty, than never think of me at all. lol 








The pictures below are from October 12th, the Mingles gang went to Mikes maze at Warner farm in Sunderland.
I'm pretty sure it was Mark, Reno, Jess, Erin, Frank, Jessica B, Rich, (maybe Erica B and Brittany) Darlene and I went to the corn maze and shot potato guns. We got to take a little pumpkin with us for buying a maze ticket.

On the way back we stopped at Bub's Bar-B-Q on Route 47 in Sunderland. Marc at talked about how great this place was, he had stopped here while riding his motorcycle in the past. This is right up the street from another favorite quick hike, Mt Sugarloaf.

The brisket was delicious, 







10-14
Brian challenged me to a while we're over Amanda and Marcos's at the Apart Kama condos that I used to live in, it was so weird being back there jogging in the same area that I used to take my son for a walk. 
I can still remember how excited I felt to race Brian this day, he bet me dinner and I give him credit, he gave it his all, but there was no way I was going to let him beat me, not Chunky Lovin. lol








October 17th 
Darlene, Eric, Brittany and I went to 6 Flags.
 That's when I got my Green Lantern sweatshirt, it was freezing that day. We had smoked some before going on Tower of Terror or whatever it is, and when we got to the top, I could how people would have panic attacks after smoking weed. lol I thought it was hilarious, I don't remember who brought the weed, but we were allowed to smoke it in the smoking area and no one said anything. 




The picture below is from the Mingles Halloween party. Marc dressed as a Sugar Daddy and handy out Sugar Daddy candy, I don't recall if he handy out Sugar Babies as well. Man I love those candies. lol
Frank looks like  Hot Dog, Erica was a Viking in the back. Rick was "the Situation" from that MTV show. I don't know what Brian was, a big pumpkin? lol I'm not sure where Reno is, maybe he took this picture. but I doubt that, he must've come later. I dressed like an army dork like I did on multiple Halloween's. Jessica was a ladybug? Brittany is the Ref. I can't recall who the other two guys are dressed as doctors. the one in the lab coat was always quiet. he wasn't chatty like I can be, lol






I met LK in the summer of 2010, but we didn't really start hanging out until fall. In my defense I tried to warn her something was wrong with me.

I remember feeling like I something was wrong, but it was so hard to explain, but I tried anyway.

I took her in a 4 mile walk on the East Longmeadow rail trail, I told wasn’t looking for a relationship, I wanted to explain all of the weird health issues I experienced over the years, I told her about everything from the coast guard, the strange panic attacks, losing my kids. it felt like such a loser trying to explain all of this nonsense and not be able to explain what caused it. I don't even know if she believed me or thought I was just making shit up to try to get rid of her.

I told her I felt like I was off in my own world again, and always been trying to find my place.

I remember giving her a speech about how I didn’t feel comfortable being in a relationship at this moment, I wanted to figure out why I was feeling the way I was again. 


She was a medical assistant and said she could help me, but I had just moved to my Dad's with Darlene and her kids. So I thought I was all set.

Not long after that I went to Mingles, I remember Jay, a bartender there, told me how disappoint Laura was that I had said all those things, and I'm pretty sure that those comments for what changed my mind and I decided to give her a chance.












August
This picture below of Reno, Brian, Marc, Kyle and myself is from a Rascal Flatts concert at the Xfinity center in Hartford. I drove my Jeep Grand Cherokee, I brought a camping and his corn. We had hot dogs and hamburgers, and I thought it would be great to pour some hot grease hand while cooking the burgers, and gave myself a slight burn, like a moron. lol 



We didn't stay for entire concert, I'm not sure who the biggest complainer was, but I remember someone saying that the chicks here were too young. lol
 I don't remember anybody actually caring about listening to the music. Someone kept talking about going back to Mingles meeting girls, we ended up leaving early, and I guess some young kid got lucky and got on stage and something cool happened, but I missed it. 
I think it's hilarious that when we got back to Mingles, it was dead, and we ended up having a boring night of listening to "me" sing karaoke. lol Which I absolutely loved, so I feel like it worked out in my favor. 






2010- Unemployment 2010



















My dad bought a house in West Warren on South Street this year I moved in with my father during the fall, I was still going to Mingles and I thought that living with my dad and living with a friend Darlene and her kids Krista and Ethan would help out, but our communication was terrible, so that only lasted for a couple months













started dating Laura on October I think or November , she moved into an apartment that was like a 100 feet away from my friend Paul and Stafford Springs so that gave me an excuse to go visit her more often and visit him that's another reason why we got so close



Laura and I went out to dinner with PAul



Laura bought me a telescope and that got me back into looking at the night sky that December 2010





 
1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 

2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 