2011 

I was still working at advantage sales and marketing at this time

January 7th or 8th we went out with the Mingles gang (Norm, Brian, Frank, Erin, Jessica, Laura, Reno, Marc, and Jess) to the Pizza Shop, then bowling at Shaker Bowl on Shaker Rd in East Longmeadow. 

I can't remember exactly when I first went to the Pizza Shop on Shaker Rd. in East Longmeadow or when I first tasted their Buffalo chicken pizza, but I love it, and they also have these twice fried or double fried Buffalo wings, they're extra crispy and they're absolutely delicious.  Thinking about this is making me hungry. lol

I absolutely loved these events, as you can see in this crummy picture, we were being pretty goofy, laying on the floor and pushing the bowling balls. I have no idea whose idea it was to hold our feet in the air, nothing about what we're doing makes any sense to me. lol 

I don't know if we were supposed to be wheelbarrows or what, but it was pretty funny. lol 

While bowling it had started to snow, so there was an inch or two on the roads by the time we were getting back to her apartment. Lucky for me, she was driving that night. lol

 l never realized that the side street that Laura took was a death trap in this weather. She lived on Gold St, and I've taken Fiske Ave. every single time I've gone to visit Paul, it's usually safe, but when it snows, Fiske turns into a giant Hot Wheels ramp and as soon as we pulled onto it, Laura's car started to accelerate down the hill and there was nothing she could do about it. 

Thankfully this wasn't some high speed incident, but it was still unnerving.

I told her- turn right, turn right, and thankfully we made the turn instead of going over the ledge at the end of the street or hitting the tree next to Paul's car, but she wasn't able to regain control, we just avoided one disaster and encountered another. Her car swerved into the rear-end of a jeep on the right side of the road and that jeep was pushed into the garage it was parked in front it. 





I don't know why I picked a picture of the tow truck to remind me of this but I'll find another picture later. Or maybe I took this picture to show how we're looking up a hill. When we crashed my door was jammed and Laura was yelling at me to get out of the car, She was panicking and I yelled back "how", I  ended up popping the seat back and then I crawled out the back passenger side door. 





Starting using the telescope that Laura bought me for Christmas. we moved in together Shortly after this. I almost forgotten about that car accident, I thought that I had talked her into moving in with me, but this accident might have been one of the deciding factors as well.





The accident wasn't too bad because we went sledding with Dominic at Mary Lynch field the next day.. I still love going there, I have so many happy memoires there and I'll keep saying that every time I mention it. lol





February 12th we went fishing at Pulpit Rock Pond in Monson Mass. I probably have more pictures of this place and more stories from when we were kids, there used to be a pool slide at the beach there, we could splash water on it once we were clammy and stuck to it. lol There's a litte beach there still, but it's not as big as it used to be. it's really gotten overgrown over the years. 

Here's a nice little pickerel I caught ice fishing. This is more about taking turns, then actually fishing, we just used tip-ups, though some people liked to jig. 



March we had a house party at Erica's house. In this picture I'm play some beer pong with Brian. I'm not sure why I was looking like a princess, but someone gave me the little tiara, so I wore it. lol 




I'm pretty sure somebody put something in my drink. lol I remember that couch being super comfortable.




I ran the Holyoke Road race this year. I remember it being brutal, my right knee would swell for absolutely no reason. The event itself was a blast. my dad showed up this time, I need to add more pictures. I loved jugging these races there are thousands of nice people everywhere.





From left to right there's my brother, Frank, Me, Marc and Brian you can see me wearing that Green Lantern sweatshirt I got at Six Flags




March we also went to the East Longmeadow Parade and watched it from Laura's parent's house. These used to be huge events.







Saturday April 16th did the Westfield Wildwater Canoe Races this year I race with my brother and came in 3rd, and then I raced a second time with Laura before we got married and came in 8th place











In May I had my knee scanned and learned that I had a cyst and wanted to get it taken care of because I thought it would keep me from coming in 2nd place and all these races I was doing with my friends



I used to go fishing up the street when I lived on South Street. I believe it's the quabog river, obviously I'll get up there's a picture of a trout I believe I caught, unless it's another type of fish 



May This is the first year that we went to Rhode Island, to Newport. We saw the Newport tower. 






We stopped at purgatory chasm on the way back for the first time





Sometime after the canoe race, I decided to ask Laura to marry me. I remember having a lot of anxiety at the time so I’m sure this played a part in my decision to ask her to get married. I like I felt like maybe I’d lose her, I also felt like you’re supposed to get married. I don’t feel like I wanna get married now it’s 2025 As I write this, but I never say never. lol I should probably find a picture to fill in here but I took her to quabbin and we went for a long walk or on the edge of the water and that's where I decided to ask her




6-4 Still singing karaoke at Mingles, I can't remember when they started calling us the mingles boys band but I thought that was hilarious. We used to sing all the time. Put a song up for me and then everyone would follow up and vice versa and the dj would get mad saying that we can't do that as cheating.



6-17 Right shoulder orthoscopy surgery Dr Karas New England orthopedics

6-28 Here's a bat I caught in the attic, I released it outside but it didn't make it and it ended up passing away, I think it injured its wing.





7-7-11
7-7 Knee surgery Dr Corsetti New England orthopedics

Laura rented us a cabin at Fern Lake and the week of July 15th to the 17th

I had knee surgery in July and then while I was healing we rented a cabin at Fern Lake across the lake from my aunts and that's when I found that Barnard signed and took it home my brother and sister came up my mother came and left 'cause her boyfriends mother died agnes. That entire vacation I tried to row the boat while we fished, It made my back feel so much better. I don’t know why I don’t have a picture, but this place was awesome. It was an across the lake and further than my aunt‘s cabin, So we had a view of white faced mountain. I also brought the telescope that Laura bought me, but there were not any good viewing conditionI was very disappointed. Usually, the sky up there it’s like the clearest you’ve ever seen.

I feel like I was lucky to make it back from that trip. One of the rear tires on my car was out of alignment in the tire was worn down to the Wire. Also, while we are driving to the camp, I learned that you do not leave 5 gallon buckets laying inside of a boat while you’re towing it, The wind current caught one bucket and it flew like 70 feet into the air and off to the side of the road and I was going too fast and didn’t stop and grab it. Thankfully, it didn’t hit any other cars, but it’s not a very bright thing to do. 

While at Fern Lake, we found some driftwood and dragged that across the lake back to the camp. The boat look like it was struggling to stay afloat lol We found it in the area near a beach towards the east of Fern Lake, Right near where we are staying. The area that this Driftwood was in, I remember almost catching a bass when I was younger, I imagined it was a huge largemouth bass. I was using a jitterbug at the time and I was fishing with my dad and I thought for sure this thing was a monster, But he went on and on telling me oh no, it was probably small. Ever since then, I’ve always loved using jitterbugs and they always remind me moment fishing with my dad. 

We drove over to my aunt’s old property while we were there in her camp was torn down, but her old sign was still on the tree out front. If it wasn’t for Laura wanting to rent a cabin there that I wouldn’t have this today. I hung the old Daredevil fishing lure there because all the old timers swore by this and said that pickerel loved them. As an adult I have had zero luck using these and they're just for decoration but every time I look at them I'm reminded of all those older people in my family that I used to go visit in New York. I guess it helps with all these people were positive influences in my life









Laura and I stopped at  AuSable Chasm in New York after, it was beautiful there. We went here as a family when we were children but I don't remember it.




2011 Agnes Soucy died 7-15 born 7-22-1928 married to Donat Soucy mother to Robert Soucy, grandmother to robert and eric soucy

After one of the surgeries I had this year Laura wanted to give blood at it blood drive and I felt fantastic after that I don't know what bloodletting does to me but it made my system feel better.


Picture of Frank and I at max cap September 30th, I'm pretty sure this was Derek and the fun bags playing that night







Took some classes the fall/spring? at Springfield Technical Community College I can't remember I believe that I took Spanish at this time with Laura, I also took a psychology and anthropology class, two separate classes.


I started losing races there's a video of that

October 1 or 2nd I won my last race against anyone I competed with, and I did it by a kind of cheating. My knee had been bothering me for a year or two, and that entire race My brother and I, we kind of ran by the side-by-side. At the end of the race, he took off ahead of me and I’d really didn’t think I had anything in me, but then a certain song came on my Little Sony Shuffle I think it was and man did I start to feel pumped up. I waited for my brother to turn around to look to see how far back I was And as soon as he turned around and saw that I was a far enough away that he felt confident he was gonna win, I burst forward with everything I had and I ended up beating him by like a few inches. He caught onto what I was doing before we reached the finish line, but it was too late at that point. lol Just cause I’m injured doesn’t mean I’m going to give up, especially if you give me a chance.

https://youtube.com/shorts/QsmxuTGTBCY?si=3ob-FpQT420C1ls0



Laura and I got married on my birthday October 8th such a great idea lol Now I can think of my ex wife on my birthday every year. We also got married at Quabbin at the tower




There was a blizzard October 29th of this year and we drove I think it was a foxwoods or Mohegan's son to go see Anthony Jeselnik. We ended up driving under trees that were falling across the road, on the way home we had to drive over a tree. We saw a plow truck smashed into a tree that was down just and barrel through it. We were without power for a week



November Picture of Dom working out in the basement over in West Warren



December



Medications for the year.




 
1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 


