 

Work in Progress

2013

Decided to get creative when Dominic told me he was entering a Pinewood Derby this year. I've always loved Back to the Future and thought I would see what I could do with a Dremel. 

My trapezius felt like garbage from whatever was being pinched in my neck, plus I didn't know about my other health issues at that time. Thankfully this lightweight project gave me something to focus on. I had to buy a new Dremel, my old one died while making this, I wasn't able to fix it.


2013-01-10 
This picture below was taken in our shop, I loved carving this car. I remember wishing Dom was old enough to get really involved or showed more interest at the time or maybe it was just me, I wasn't with it. lol
 I didn't feel like it was safe for him to try carving something like this. It was a lot of fun to make but it made a huge mess. the Dremel filled our workshop with a cloud of dust, plus I didn't have the steadiest of hands at that time, so it's probably better I didn't allow Dom to carve it. We did test it against a Batmobile kit we bought or our Hot Wheels ramp.







2013-01-16

I was struck by a SUV while walking back to my car. I had gone to Walmart for a few groceries. I was supposed to have school that night, but needless to say, my life was about to change forever. lol

Here are two parking lot videos of the incident, there's not much to see, but it gives you the general idea.  

View 1 of 2
https://youtu.be/mlTu1ywTYJo
View 2 of 2
https://youtu.be/FsxVQBHFsz8

 When this Walmart accident happened, things in my life seemed to be going great, sure I had some physical issues, but nothing was so overwhelming that I couldn't handle it. Even though I had been injured at work, I was still going to school, I was still one of the best students in the class, I was on the honors list and for some dumb reason I cared about perfect attendance, I wanted to take this training seriously.  I really felt like my life was finally on track, even though my body felt like shit, I felt like brighter days were still ahead. 

I felt so shocked and betrayed when I was arrested and those officers didn't listen to me, then denied me medical attention, these dickheads just ignored me. I honestly believed that we're going to help, that they were going to listen, that they weren't going to take sides...  Man I was wrong. lol

Looking back it's weird to see how different I was thinking. I was able to reach my phone and text someone I was being arrested and to come get the groceries I had left in the car. lol but I didn't think to record the conversation. I was even worried about my fishing vest, while I was in pain. lol I didn't have a clue what was going on or how this could be happening.

I remember feeling like something wasn't right, I'm not saying I knew they were helping her break the law at that moment. I didn't learn she was driving illegally until months later, but these guys weren't acting like I was expecting, they were more like drones, going through the motions.

It was these officers responses or lack of intelligent responses, that caused me to become obsessed about them being able to deny me or anyone else medical attention, even though I wasn't sure if I was injured because of what was already going on with me or because the car actually caused a new injury, I felt like I deserved to have been able to see a doctor right after getting hit.

I was all freaked out because I was already injured, I was instantly worried about what I was going to do about work and school, plus my body was already dragging ass, then these officers decide they're medical professionals and prevent me from documenting what's going on. 

I still got paid for all this time I was injured, so this wasn't about the money, for me it was about right and wrong, I was still being supported, even if I wasn't contributing much, I still brought something in.





Police Station
When we got to the police station, I remember telling a different officer that I was going to file charges, I was so upset that I had been denied medical attention, and I kept asking for medical attention too. I remember pacing my cell, and trying to sit on that cold piece of steel and I couldn't get comfortable, I felt totally trapped and powerless and I couldn't even explain what had happened.


The guy that took my finger prints ended up being some big fat slob that I had remembered from the Forest Park Ice skates. I asked him why I wasn't receiving medical attention as well too, and then he told me that they would take care of me when I got back in the other area, and that's when I was allowed to wash my hands.
 random thought: lol From what I was told Springfield police have financial control Forest Park now, it was supposed to be free for all citizens, but now they charge people to get in.
I remember being fucking pissed that I missed class and those disgusting pieces of fucking shit ruined my perfect attendance. lol I assume those Fat, Stupid Alcoholic looking Fuckers don't care about education or bettering themselves. lol I think they like being fucking scum...


Bailed out 
I was so confused when bail bondsman told me that he didn't understand why I had been arrested, and that the charges didn't make any sense, so he was giving me a low bail, I think $40 and that was the end of that.
As I was signing my bail paperwork and officer had asked me to sign some type of release and then I wrote did not receive medical attention or denied medical attention, something like that on it, I was disgusted, I wanted those officers reprimanded for denying me medical attention. I didn't even care that the woman had hit me, and was driving recklessly, I just wanted some help. He told me if I didn't sign it correct, that he wasn't going to release me, and wrote some type of chicken scratch on whatever form placed in front of me, but I was defiant

Hospital
Laura brought me to the emergency room, after my mom had picked me up and brought me home, I didn't know what to do, and I was in pain, but I didn't know if it was from my work injury or what had just happened. I felt like a complete fucking idiot trying to explain to Laura, that police just denied me medical attention, for no reason, and none of it made any sense, I don't even see why they fucking cared.

I believe I had a cat scan done of my wrist, I was getting numbness and tingling  down my right bicep to my hand, My right hand was going numb, my right shoulder was screaming, my right ankle felt like somebody stabbed it.

I was so distraught that officers didn't take my statement and basically ignored me, So I spend hours writing down what had happened with my left hand on my cell phone, I didn't want to forget any details, I didn't want to forget anything officers said. It figures that Sheldon wasn't interested in hanging around, though I don't blame him, the entire situation seemed like no big deal when it first happened. I was really worried at that point, since I was on workers comp when I got hit, I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do or if I'd lose unemployment for getting hit.  



Mark Festa
I called Mark, He worked 3rd shift and then went in and ran his tax business in the morning, that's what he'd been doing for years, and he was gearing for tax season, so I wanted to make sure that my statement was notarized, I was so butthurt that those police didn't take my statement and I wanted to make sure that my story was on the record. 




Sheldon Thompson Statement 
January 20, 2013

I was so disgusted when I had originally read Sheldon's statement, he was working at a college downtown either AIC or Springfield College as security, so he wrote reports, and when I saw this, I thought the were absolutely ridiculous. lol First off he didn't date it, Second I didn't fall down in the parking lot, and I didn't holler out before I got hit by the car. lol I understand that people try to be helpful, but if you how a situation unfolded, Maybe you shouldn't add extra details. lol


Support
I think the hardest part of all this, was dealing with the entire situation alone. I don't know why no one in my family wanted to get involved or why I didn't push to have someone come with me, no one ever came to support me, not once from 2013-2016. lol Granted I thought it was just lazy shit head cops, I didn't think they were helping this woman cover up a crime.





2013-01-21 
Even though I felt like a complete train wreck at this time, Laura and I took my nephew Dominic to Interskate-91 in Wilbraham. This event was not as enjoyable as I would have liked, but Laura was really supportive. I just went and complained. lol, 
I remember telling Laura I didn't want to miss out, since we had already made plans,

I used to go to Interskate 91 with my brother and cousins, almost every weekend, plus little kids don't understand adult problems, they don't care how you feel, they just want to live. lol.
Plus I knew sitting at home and dwelling on my problems, wasn't going to solve anything. I just would've ended up going out of my mind. 
I figured I could be just as uncomfortable somewhere else and my nephew could have a great time. I didn't want my recent misfortune to be the reason he missed out. 





2013-01-30
Picture of the finished DeLorean, Back to the Future style

These pinewood derby races were a lot of fun we got to drive to Pittsfield to some mall that was like 75% empty. 
 



2013-02-06
I've got this running theme with the second place what the heck. lol
I was super excited we did as well as we did. 











02-28 Court

2013-02-28

This day I gave ada Johnston- Sheldon's original statement, a photo 
copy of the security guard statement( Walmart kept the original ),
and copy of some receipts from Walmart showing that I indeed went back and the video could 
be acquired. I also informed ada Johnston that I was on workers comp, and  receiving 
medical attention and seeing specialists for some undiagnosed physical issues. 

I informed her I wanted those officers reprimanded for not allowing me medical care. lol
I went on and on about them having no right, to deny me care, they didn't have medical degrees to decide that for me and just because 
I told officers I had pre existing issues, didn't mean it doesn't feel crippling. 

I had requested the auto insurance from Johnston, but she told me that she didn't have it and I didn't need to request it, since it wasn't evidence, I was fine with not asking the judge for it, I was concerned with getting video and cell phone records, hoping it would show more than it actually did. 

It's funny, so many people told me I should have fallen on the ground and faked being hurt even worse, but I'm terrible at pretending that I can't do things, even when I'm hurt, which is probably why doctors never really listened, I didn't bitch and moan, I liked to explain things. It's been noted from even a young age. I think it was my 1996 Putnam school papers that said that, after school officials tried to claim I had anger issues, lol 
but I honestly think that was all about Tammy's death, the Springfield police were acting really sketchy around school at that time and I was known for asking a lot of questions. lol

It always bothered me that those Officers didn't take statements from any of the other people at the scene, I felt like they were super lazy, unprofessional and I was still butt-hurt about my fishing vest. lol

March

I heard about my results the 5th or the 6th, I thought for sure that something was going to be done at this point, I had proof that I had new injuries and I was denied medical attention, so I thought for sure that these officers would be reprimanded, which is hilarious, because I was on workers comp, I didn't want to sue them, I just wanted them reprimanded, if someone would've said they addressed the issue and they were sorry, I would've walked away from it.

2012-2013-NEOS-Baystate
https://rickymedicalfile.blogspot.com/2026/03/2012-12-14-to-2013-03-05-neos.html



2013-03-07
I went down to the Springfield Police Department civilian complaint department and filed a complaint. I was told that was supposed to be run by civilians, but it wasn't a civilian, I spoke to a sergeant every time I went there. I already knew my medical results at this point. I handed them a copy of my notarized statement, a copy of Sheldon's statement and a copy of the Walmart security guard statement. 

I didn't tell the officers I already got my medical results back, I wanted them to acknowledge it on their on. I signed a medical releasee authorization form and gave that officer the names of my surgeons and primary care drs. 


2013-03-22

Looking back, I clearly set myself up for failure. lol 
At this point I had received the results from NEOS, I knew I had nerve damage and a torn rotator cuff and was pushing hard to have those officers investigated, I went into court and complained to everyone. lol

I didn't know the district attorney's office actively covers up crimes for officers and elected officials at this time, so I was working with the idea- the state cares about the truth and will investigate my claims and take whatever actions are necessary. I was clearly wrong, but I honestly believed they'd look into my claims, especially with the medical evidence I provided.

I gave Johnston all of my paperwork and wasted no time explaining that I was in a lot of pain, I let her know I just wanted to get a court appointed lawyer and go home to rest, plus I told her I had school that night. She asked if I was on any pain meds and I informed her no.

Then this cunt had me wait around for hours, she told me I could be here until close, she claimed that they were short on lawyers today. lol That's what I get for telling people I've been injured and don't want to stand around doing nothing. 

Once again I requested the auto insurance from Johnston, but she told me that she still didn't have it and since I didn't actually want it for trial, I didn't want a judge asking me why I wanted it, since it wasn't something that made sense to hide, I wasn't thinking about this as a problem, I was just concerned with getting home and resting before school.

Right before they broke for lunch, she asked if I wanted to represent myself, she expressed what a petty matter this was and I shouldn't be concerned, but insisted the driver was pushing for the charges. Then said I would be able to leave, if I agreed to represent myself. So I agreed, I didn't think the charges against me were serious, or even made sense, plus I had my medical records, so I thought I was on my way to exposing what happened to me.


Transcript noted comments:
Page 3 Johnston tells judge I wanted a court appointed lawyer.
page 4 ada Katherine Johnston also claims the complaining witness has an interest in the case

page 5 Judge Beattie clearly tells me to have any witnesses and evidence ready for the day of my trial. He also mentions the court has the equipment needed to properly display my evidence.


looking back, no one ever explained what the charges were, what possible penalties I could face, granted it all just cost me time and a little money in the end, but it also ruined my family. 
I always thought malicious damage to a motor vehicle was a crime designed to attack disabled people, seeing there was no dollar value assigned to the charges, there was no standard to follow when applying there charges, it seemed like they were designed to be used under any circumstances, without the need of evidence to sustain them. 
I also know the waiting around thing is total bullshit, CPCS will call you back, they don't always have lawyers handy. 




Boston Marathon
April-15
 
My brother, his brother in-law Matt, Laura and I drove to Matt's apartment near Boston or in Boston, the night before the Marathon, went to go support my brother. He wanted to run the race, but I remember he didn't want to pay, so we dropped him off somewhere after the starting line and he was able "mingle in" with the other runners. lol
I had wanted to run the race, running race was things for the last few years, but I felt physically wrecked at that point. Everything hurt/burned, my right shoulder, neck, arms, and right ankle was still a mess from the accident. 

I assume I was feeling physically weak from my hyperthyroidism, the issue with my muscles and tendons feeling  like they were on fire, was probably from my genetic disorder and my constantly trying to "prove myself", whenever I felt like I had any energy..

 I was barely holding it together, I felt like such a loser for not being able to race, so I settle for taking some pictures for my brother, he said didn't think he was going to have the energy or the time to fumble with his phone to get pictures and he wanted to see what the end of the race looked like, but not while he's trying to finish. lol

He was going to try to alert us when he got close, so we could hopefully get a few pictures of him near the first or crossing. but that didn't happen, he never got the chance.




The picture above is the back of the finish line. I remember thinking that the end of this race doesn't look all that impressive, lol. I wasn't sure my brother was going to be happy with these pictures.



As you can see, it was packed, so we slowly made our way up the the street to find a place to stand.   






It's horrifying, but in the picture above, I caught one of the bombers, with one of the backpack bombs, shortly before it went off. 
Up until this point, we were having a great day, We were looking forward to seeing some sights, plus Matt was going to show us how to get around on the T, but we never got to do any of that.





In the picture above you can see the smoke from the first bomb.

We were right by Uno's pizzeria, when it went off.

I thought it was just a fireworks display going off early, that's what it smelled like.

  It all happened so fast, but it felt like slow motion. When the first bomb went off and I smelled it, I assumed that the race officials had accidently let off some race finally early. I simply thought it was odd, so I took a picture. 

I'm pretty sure we were about 100 feet away or more away, I couldn't tell that anyone was injured.

 Everything seemed calm for a moment, I had no reason to believe anyone was in danger.

Then the second bomb went off and the shit hit the fan. I could see people on the bleachers being pushed, Laura and Matt were talking about finding a safe place and I instantly started scanning the area, worried their might be a shooter and realizing that we're all sitting ducks.




Thankfully there was a little brick wall by a patio area where we were standing, so Laura and Matt knelt down behind there, while I just stood there and watched the chaos. lol I know it sounds dumb, but I felt powerless to do anything and my body felt like shit. 
I thought, if thing were going to get crazy, I figured I'd rather get shot standing up and more comfortable, than take a chance of nothing happening and feeling super fucked up from squatting down.

Plus having stand there would've gave any active shooters a target, other than my wife and brother in-law.

I was able to watch everybody fleeing and panic, it was terrifying,

From my perspective from where we were standing, it turned into absolute chaos when the second bomb went off, that's when the panic really started.

 I honestly felt like the police had no clue what was going on. Officers were acting more panicked, than the citizens that were asking where they should flee. 


I'm sure I would have taken more pictures, but I kept trying to call my brother after the second bomb went off, it was very nerve wracking. We didn't get ahold of him for some time after. We had wandered up side streets and asked officers if they knew what was going on or what we should do. We told every officer we encountered that we were looking for my brother. 

Every officer said they didn't have a clue what we should do, if there was a meeting place for runners that didn't finish, and most just told us to get out of here and keep trying to call, that didn't inspire confidence in any of the citizens that are around, I remember people shouting and screaming, get your fucking act together.

I still feel like these officers weren't trained to respond to these types of situations properly.







May
2013-05-01
Trial day
fight for color copies of pictures after

Before Trial

The day, I spoke with ada Johnston and ada Edward Kivari outside the courtroom before trial. They both told me that judge Hadley said I couldn't have the drivers car insurance info or phone records.

 They claimed judge Hadley said that Kishana's car insurance wasn't a part of this case, whether I was injured or not didn't matter, all be cause the driver is claiming I attacked her car for no reason. There was no reference to me being a victim in the police report, I wasn't concerned about the driver, I only cared about the officers behavior, so I pushed forward. lol

I should've known something was up when judge Hadley said my jury was sent home by accident, I'd be willing to be that the cunt Johnston told him what a rush I was in, that I was worried about medical assisting school and just wanted this behind me.

The fucker Hadley did give me a chance to back out, but I thought I had the truth on my side, I didn't think judges would ignore evidence or context.

I didn't think anything of it back then, but I received my witness list before trial, but noticed when I represented myself, I was told I need to have a list ready days in advance, when did the laws change? not that it matters, but I'm curious.

In the hall before trial Ada Johnston played down the seriousness of my case, she also told me I had nothing to worry about, I didn't have any priors and she doesn't know why Kishana cares so much. lol fucking liar.

I tried for years to get the audio or a transcript of judge Hadley telling me my jury was sent home by accident, I was calling every week and going down tot eh courthouse to ask, but I'm guessing he made sure that didn't happen. lol


Trial

I thought I was prepared for court, I never asked anyone's opinion of the things I said during trial. lol
I was totally focused on Springfield police denying me medical attention, I never cared about the driver hitting me or was concerned about her in any way. 

I wrote these notes years ago to help me explain the issues I faced, since I really wanted to address them. Looking back, it's obvious judge Hadley knew exactly what was going on the entire time, he'd seen countless police reports over the years, he knew it was missing from the report before I did. I should have noticed his behavior, but I trusted him, I saw him as an authority figure and never thought he would act in a way that brought shame to the bench. 

 I was shocked to see color photo's presented during trial, I thought it was bullshit that I wasn't provided the same evidence the prosecution got to see. 


=================================================================
Here are notes I added wrote a decade ago:

page 18 Kishana makes comment about (color) photo and mirror damage. (that also shows a red sticker 
for safety and she knew about that. but i couldn't see it at the time, I find out a year from now)

page 33 strange look in my eye ( from waiting around in pain and freezing for over a half hour)

page 36 end of page, officer says i seemed unhappy i was (being denied medical attention and) being arrested.
and that i tightened up when cuffed( because of my injuries perhaps)

 page 37 admitted talking to two witnesses one was a security guard? and another person who couldn't be 
found.

page 37 into 38 officer admits not having any idea why i was in pain, then is clueless as to
 the severity of my injuries and openly mocks me with a comment about me being allowed to wash my 
hand is his version of medical treatment.


in officer Sheehan's testimony,  he totally leaves out what

the Walmart security guard told him about my previous injuries and what i told him

.the security guard statement is verified by police investigators a month or so after my trial, investigators

confirmed i obtained a statement from that security officer and he stated he told them about my injuries. 

page 40  not allowed to read my statement. ada Johnston already had a copy, so didn't ask for or want another. 

page 43 ADA Johnston claims there isn't any proof damage was sustained, 
but i had provided proof to her in the form
of medical documents provided to me by my surgeons. i didn't have 
these injuries before this accident, i know this
because i was on workers comp being treated by these drs for months before 
encountering the Springfield police department

Page 50 Judge Hadley comments on the-not great quality of the video. he also says he watched it on
a smaller screen, which usually makes things harder to see. i don't understand why he wouldn't enlarge it.
   also he states the two computers wouldn't with that video. 


page 51 ADA Johnston mocks? my mental state. 

page 52 ADA Johnston brings up her assessment of my mental state, then trying to make me out to be a monster
end of 52 ada Johnston takes about restitution being owed and not knowing the amount. they didn't have invoice.
pg 52 how can anyone file charges against me, if you didn't know the price of or
if the window was ever paid for?

page 53 ADA claims Kishana reached out to get the price of the unpaid window. wouldn't Kishana have known if she 
paid for it? it was picked up the next day. Kishana also knew she didn't have insurance. so why would she have left
before the insurance was verified, if she knew she didn't have it? 

page 54 Judge Hadley clearly says -I'll give the commonwealth ten days to provide any evidence ad here's the kicker-
IF they're seeking restitution. they didn't have to, they didn't have to make a phony receipt and lie about
 paying for it. 
Judge Hadley also says i was supposed to be provided a copy.  continued into 55 now he says statue requires restitution.


page 56 judge Hadley doesn't want me to seek any mental help for my issues- hyperthyroidism. ada Johnston was
 trying to push it
===============================================================
Notes from 2026
I don't know if anybody noticed at the end of my trial, but the district attorney's office didn't have the receipt that they claimed I owed money for, and they magically had no idea what the price was.
I didn't pick up on that, I was too sick to notice and was always curious if i had called the district attorneys office out on that right then and there, what would have happened? Was my case a felony without evidence to support a crime? How did that decide it was a felony, without a price tag to support that claim? don't grand juries need evidence to support a crime before charges can be filed?



Randy Milou and Eric Applebaum
I thought for sure that Milou was going to help. I had gone down to his office and we spoke at length about what had happened, he seemed in disbelief, he couldn't explain why police had denied me medical attention, why I was charged and the driver wasn't cited or why I wasn't given a accident report and just got a regular police report. He said it was all very bizarre and he was going to help me appeal the judge decision. 

Hired that scumbag lawyer Randy Milou and his partner Eric Applebaum to help with my case and then when we got to court Randy also filed the motion to withdraw, because he said he didn't know how to handle these types of cases, he did all he could and if this didn't workout, I needed to find a different lawyer. 
I tried to ask Eric Applebaum about this and he was confused as well, but I wasn't discouraged, I was positive to was going to expose what happened and I was still pissed about my perfect attendance and my fishing vest. lol





2013-05-10

I returned to court 5-10-2013,  I wasn't allowed to have a copy of the receipt ada Johnston handed in, I learned the following year that the receipt was fake, she lied about it being paid for to the court. 

Trying to write about events that I would replay in my head over and over is super fucking annoying, I remember feeling so stupid when I got home and tried to explain to Laura that I owed $311, I didn't have a receipt to back up their claim and that was worth a felony. lol I never had any answers for my family or friends, everything always sounded so stupid and vague, without any context and no one ever helped me dig any deeper, I was just forced to accept it.

Don't get me wrong, Laura was very caring and there for me in other ways, but there always seemed to be a divide between people supporting me in legal and medical situations or people supporting me doing other things, 

But she knew I was talking to lawyers, so I assume she trusted they'd be their jobs or point me in the right direction, which really makes me wonder why people put so much faith in lawyers, when I think it's clear, there's a serious issue with every lawyer I have ever encountered, hence my transparency, but I've always been open, so this isn't anything new or uncomfortable for me. 


=================================================
Notes I wrote a decade ago:

line 13 page 3 ADA Johnston says it was her understanding that
 your honor just wanted us to provide you with paperwork.
She never provided me anything.

line 19 page 3 I state i haven't seen a copy

lines 22-24  pages 3 ADA lies for whatever reason about the price of 
the window and how it was paid for.

line 20-25 page 6- judge Hadley claims that me having the name of her
insurance company is a civil matter. He knows that I can't just call every insurance 
company and ask if this girl has insurance with them.

page 7 line 24-25 I told judge Hadley i was unemployed. i was told that was correct by ada Johnston because i was on workers comp.
I'm still not working, but get disability. so I'm technically still unemployed. 

page 8 into page 9 I tell judge Hadley about my license getting suspended because of this,
how come i don't qualify for the Kishana Johnston plan of no insurance or reg or valid inspection sticker?
is it because i look like i need help?

page 9 4-11 how come Judge Hadley knows all the laws that can hurt people with invisible illnesses, but
he doesn't have any ideas about ways to help them? judge Hadley knows people can be charged for rubbing
dirty shoes on a car carpet in anger. this law really seems like something designed to attack people in group homes, people that have developmental disabilities or that have been abused. damage can amount to $1. and then peoples lives can be ruined by the commonwealth




after this court date, i hired two lawyers, i was told by both attorney randy milo and attorney eric Applebaum that
 they were both denied a copy of that window receipt. i asked multiple times and was told they
weren't able to get a copy because of the information on it.

Eric Applebaum tried to file a claim with Kishana's insurance company,
it was rejected, because she didn't have insurance, but I'll get to that. ADA
 Johnston is going to mention me being denied this insurance claim 9 months from now, 
on court date- 2-28-2014 page 10
did one of these lawyers tell her they weren't going to help me and was feeding her my information? 

 what could i have done different?
no one has ever told me who i could turn to, someone that is honest within the court system.
===================================================




Graduation 

 I graduated Branford Hall. I was so excited to finally put these new skills I was learning to use, plus I was excited to figure out my health issues. So I had also filled out paperwork to start volunteering at Bay State Medical Center, but I waited to long, if I had applied earlier, I would have beaten the CORI check, but because of my felony I was no longer allowed to volunteer, and couldn't get a job anywhere as a medical assistant or phlebotomist and I was devastated by this.




Another shitty memory, give you an idea of what a thoughtful guy I can be... lol

Laura planned a surprise graduation party for me at my brother's house after finishing medical assisting school and I was kind enough to give her shit about it and try to make it seem like she caused a problem.

I was being very selfish, I didn't want a party and felt like a complete loser because of that court case. I wasn't proud of completing that class, I didn't feel like I actually accomplished anything. 

She bought me an engraved pen and pencil set, I still have those in 2026 and they remind me to try to appreciate the things other people do for me, regardless of what I think I'm going through. 

I have no idea what other people are thinking and I know I'm not always great at explaining what I'm thinking, I know she meant well, it wasn't like I thought she was trying to be mean, so I can't explain exactly why I responded like that. 
Maybe it was because it made me feel like I had control over something, so I decided to bitch about it, instead of appreciate what was going on around me. lol great memory... I was such a prick



June

06-05

I received the response to my complaint- needless to say I was devastated 

Random Meeting

This goes all the way back to 1994, when my friend Tammy Lynds was found dead on the side of the road and no one seemed to think it was a big deal or worth talking about. Right now it's 2026 

happens to be acting Springfield police superintendent is someone I know from my past, Larry Akers was one of my soccer coaches during the period that Tammy went missing from July to November 1994, I believe he was a detective at the time, I don't think he was just an officer. Anyway, his son also played on my soccer team, so I got to see him al the time, I never thought anything of it, it seemed totally normal for another dad to be there and he became assistant soccer coach or coached when he was free, which seemed like all the time.
 I ran into Akers again in 2013, at this time he looked like he was a patrol officer, almost like CHIPS looking outfit. lol I bumped into him while trying to file a complaint against his fellow officers for denying me medical attention. I'm always super chatty and want to know, so I had asked him about my friend Tammy at this time and he had no answers and I asked him if I was ever really a suspect and he said no and by the way he responded I honestly believed him.


June- Call police chief William Fitchet And spoke with him on the phone for like 45 minutes and I thought that he had brain damage. I asked him everyone I could report being denied medical attention to and for having that insurance information deleted off of my police report





Learned of Insurance Status
06-19

I learned of Kishana's insurance status and thought for sure I was about to expose that was going on. I had talked to Eric Applebaum on the phone and he acted stupid and confused, that piece of shit couldn't offer any advice on who to report this to, or how to hold those officers for denying me medical attention, he acted stupid a fuck the entire time.
I tried reporting this to Randy Milou, that bitch ass mother fucker acted stupid as hell too. He claimed he didn't know how to deal with a situation like mine, I felt totally abandoned my Milou, that worthless fucker. 

I used this piece of evidence every time I went back to court along with every other inconsistency I found the police report missing her insurance and registration information. I brought all of my medical records every time. I was a broken record. 

I felt like I was doing my civic duty when I went down to the mayor's office and filed a complaint about being denied medical attention and I discover this girl had been driving illegally and policed aided her. i thought for sure the mayor was going to care, he over see's the city, people matter to him. lol 

I notice how totally gullible I am when I'm sick, I put my faith in these institutions and they always seem to fail me with some pathetic/weak excuse.






July 2013

and then
I paid victim witness fee
7-2-2013



August
2013-08-08
Once I had more information, I went back to Maple St and attempted to file another complaint and was told I couldn't you only get one. lol I spoke to the same jackass I spoke to the first time, he acted shocked that the driver didn't have insurance and I asked for a print out of her insurance. I had informed him that I still didn't have any official police paperwork that showered her insurance on it and he provided me with an R5 report, but I would later learn it was missing information, her registration status and failed sticker information was missing, not that I would have noticed it anyway, I was looking for an insurance name. 






=================================================================
Notes I wrote a decade ago:
and then I retuned to Maple St 8-8-2013 to see about filing a new complaint and asked about the girls insurance info, the officer handed me an incomplete R5 document after I asked. the driver was driving with a suspended license at the time. I acquire a complete R5 from a person named Brandon at the registry of motor vehicles on 5-29-2014 and from Massachusetts police 6-13-2014
I also sent emails to channel three news and spoke with a guy downtown Springfield and he said he was going to look into my case and then I never heard from him again and I drove down and channel 22 news in Chicopee I spoke to someone outside their news station and they were supposed to look into things and then I never heard from them again. Gave them copies of all the files I had at the time.

went down to complaint department asking for registration and insurance info. 
discovered officer who provided my report also tampered with it
on 5-29-2014 after talking to Brandon at the registry. Same officer who initially took my report

I reported the complaint officers altering and leaving out medical evidence to the 

mayors office, the mayor was even in the office that day. it was just ignored.

 shoulder MRI results arrived to dr march 5, I filed complaint on  march 7

that means police also lied in my complaint, they state I signed a medical release 

and that my xrays didn't show any signed of injury. of course not, the injury was on

my MRI report. even my dr said I had full range of motion and thought I was exaggerating 

before the march 5-2013 results came back. Investigators can pick and choose what

information can be left out of reports? this is ridiculous
==================================================







August 9  took Dominic hiking at Mount Tom and we collected Newtons in the road and maybe toads as we walked I thought this was one of their coolest things ever.








8-12-2013

I reported what happened to my probation officer Janet Ely, I thought I found gold when I reported the lack of insurance and police officers denying me medical attention, it all made perfect sense to me. lol

Shortly after this I was ordered to show up to court for violating the anger management, I was supposed to go to, but I hadn't started yet, I still thought I might not have to go after taking to Milou. 


Talking to the probation officer Janet Eli. Knew about the girl's lack of car insurance and me being denied medical insurance and being injured. I brought Judge Hadley a copy of the paperwork showing that Kishana did not have insurance that day and he said he needed the district attorney's office there to see it and then he went and had a conversation with Janet Eli in the backroom and I was allowed to leave. The violation was dismissed




8-20-2013
8-20-2013 I had a worker's comp meeting with the Department of industrial accidents this morning before I had to show up in court. I reported what was going on to the insurance company , my workers comp lawyer, to the Department of industrial accidents and they had no idea who to report these types of crimes to. Judge Hadley had that backroom conversation with Janet Eli and I was disgusted I didn't know how this could be allowed. Judge Hadley also said that he could not read this evidence unless Ada was present but he read the evidence and then said that which is pretty stupid but whatever.



September 2013



9-9-2013
Notice received from CPCS appointment Anna Levine for appeal

9-12-2013
I was a man on a mission, I was so butt hurt after hearing back from Baystate, learning I couldn't volunteer, I wanted to fight these charges and get them off my record. I had no doubt I was innocent, but no one else seemed to care. but I thought the truth mattered and didn't want to let it go.

I met with attorney Anna Levine on Main St in Springfield as soon as I could and started bombarding her with all the information I had found and pushed her to help me get the transcripts from my hearings, since I was still fighting to get a copy of the receipt and trying to get someone to hold those officers accountable, I nagged her to point me in the right direction. 

but I think it's clear looking back that all she did was stall my case and do her best to confuse me. lol stupid bitch acted so confused. lol she refused to help me get the audio of judge Hadley "lying" about sending my jury home early.

She led me on for a year, then claimed I had to drop my appeal because of a 2014 forgery charge, I received that after discovering more evidence against the commonwealth.
Fucking bitch...lol
 
 
9-13-2013
I had some sort of hearing with my car insurance company about the accident. I found this email 10-26-2025, I forgot I had saved it in yahoo mail. it wasn't anything I focused on, since I didn't feel it was related to my case, but since it has my responses to questions about this case, I wasn't sure if anyone else would find it useful. 








Channel 3
At this time I was super excited, I thought for sure someone was going to take this seriously, so I had contacted channel 3 news by email and I spoke to a guy downtown at their station and I also drove to 22 news in Chicopee and spoke with a gentleman, outside their building and these guys seemed super excited about the stories I was telling them and yet I never heard back from these guys again, I gave them all the evidence I had at the time as well and thought for sure it would interest them.

8-20-2013 I had a worker's comp meeting with the Department of industrial accidents this morning before I had to show up in court. I reported what was going on to the insurance company , my workers comp lawyer, to the Department of industrial accidents and they had no idea who to report these types of crimes to. Judge Hadley had that backroom conversation with Janet Eli and I was disgusted I didn't know how this could be allowed. Judge Hadley also said that he could not read this evidence unless Ada was present but he read the evidence and then said that which is pretty stupid but whatever.

September


09-17
Started Anger Management
I don't know why, but I actually thought I might learn something after I started going to anger management at the Gandara center downtown Springfield, MA. Needless to say, that place was a complete and utter fucking waste of my time and energy, but it did teach me how the system treats people and how it claims to "educate" them. 

Each class was an utter waste of my time, I think every there also thought it was a sick joke and wasn't designed to educate us or help us in any way. 



surgery 11-01??? 

At some point in the summer I was in so much pain, I cut my face, then had Laura drive me to the ER and told them I had passed out from the pain. lol looking back you'd think I'd feel like this sounds totally stupid, but even now, if I went to the doctors and tried to describe my issues, without telling them what I already learned about what's wrong with me, would any of them "guess" what I have? lol I would be willing to bet, no. 

I couldn't handle the pain in my shoulder anymore, I thought it was great when doctor Karas offered to repair the torn rotator cuff. looking back, who know how painful it really was, seeing I have a high tolerance for pain, but in that mental state, it was something I couldn't stop focusing on, plus I was already having serious issues sleeping and laying awake for hours at night, with my mind racing about nothing and everything all at once. 





11-7-2013
11-07 
While shopping I ran into the same security guard from the day of the accident and got to talking about my surgery, since I was still wearing my cast. I also told him about the issues I was having in court and how the driver didn't have car insurance. He told me the police mentioned the driver didn't have car insurance and had arrested me on unrelated charges. 

When he told me that officers mentioned the driver not having insurance, I got super excited, told him a little story about how their had been some confusing about my arrest, then asked him to write another statement, he did and then I provided that statement to the district attorney's office and it was ignored, but at the time I thought someone would address it. lol 

At this time I was able to obtain the original statement he wrote me, Walmart security still it on still had on file. 

I raced down to court the next day and gave copies of both of these to ADA Katharine Johnston and Janet Ely. lol Like these stupid cunts cared about any of the evidence I collected. 

Janet Ely noticed I had surgery and made a point when she said I couldn't miss any of my FAKE anger management classes, and I took what she said to heart. She had that backroom meeting with Judge Hadley, this was after I was charged or marked up for not starting anger management, Randy Milo told me I didn't have to start and could wait until the appeal was addressed, since he said I might not have to go.




11-13
Paid $311 

I put this off for as long as I could, i really thought I was going to fight it and the insurance company would have to deal with it. 
I was still pissed, I wanted the receipt for the window, I think I knew I was supposed to get a copy at this point, Levine got me the court transcripts, but was useless for gathering or pointing me in the direction of evidence to collect for my appeal and to address this issue. 

 I was extra fucking annoyed with judge Hadley and the district attorneys office after reading the transcripts and feeling like I was owed a copy of the receipt. lol




Community Service
After surgery I still had to work off my probation fees.

 I tried to pay off my probation fees with the Hampton County District courts program but they sent us to Belchertown and had us doing physical labor at the Swift River Sportsman's club, where I'm pretty sure this probation guy lived. lol How's that helping the community//.
 He had us clearing brush, so that they could pheasant or quail hunt. I believe it was one of those birds they were shooting. We got to use the bathroom inside some hall and see where they clean the birds.

I can't recall this probation guys exact story, but these invasive bushes started growing all across their property and formed these dense clumps, he said that bird ate the seeds and deposited them across the area, though it was so bad these people really needed a machine to mow it all down and grind the roots, and I guess they wanted free labor to clean it up. lol I doubt these community service people ever got very far, I never returned, it was to much for me after surgery. 

I was disgusted with these people  and ended up doing community service through a couple church groups, granted it was still dummy work, but I wasn't to help court workers with their personal shit. lol Are the churches any better?


Infection

I noticed something looking strange with surgical site on my right shoulder, this was some time earlier in the day, but I had Anger Management that night and I didn't want to get in trouble for missing any days, since I was already warned that anyone that misses two days in a row, has to restart the class. So I waited until late evening and asked Laura to bring me after I finished class.

Lucky me, lol I was admitted and had surgery that night or early the next morning, it's funny that I wasn't in any pain before I had this debridement. I got to stay for a few days, I was so quiet, the nurses forgot I was even there and they forgot to mention that I could've left the Hospital for Thanksgiving, so I spent it alone, I had told Laura to go spend it with her family. 

She of course came back to keep me company, Kathy and Dom also stopped by, Dom dressed as spiderman and brought me a Silver 2012 Pagani Huayna Hot Wheels, that I still have. 

I even posted a video of the PA or whoever it was, pulling the long roll of gauze out of my wound, it was so deep and unnerving to look down into.

 My deltoid split down the middle while I was walking arounf with this giant open wound, seeing that  gave me super anxiety. lol 

Doctors we going to wait to let this wound close up on it's own, but I was so freaked out, I let doctors know I wasn't interested in waiting, plus those drains that were put in were very uncomfortable, to say the least. 



I remember thinking this Anger Management was so fucking stupid when I went back after surgery, the lazy teacher didn't even bother teaching us to count to ten. lol 

I returned the following week, Paul Walker had died over the weekend, and, that was all the teacher talked about the entire class, I was disgusted. lol I remember thinking, "what a loser". 



I noticed this strange behavior with so many people that work within the system, they just collect a check, they didn't care, they can't think for themselves or see the things they're doing, don't make any sense. 



They're just doing it, cause someone paid them. lol 





This picture above shows me curling not to long after surgery. lol I forgot I did this, I was told that this didn't have anything to do with my infection I developed, but with my genetic muscle issue, I wonder if it caused more problems than I'm aware of. 







This picture above of the infection forming. lol I wanted to see if it was changing. I might have more pictures. lol this kind of stuff fascinates me and I should've been more curious, but I was overwhelmed by everything and thought it might have to do with why I was feeling to terrible.

I've always wondering it the fact that I kept pushing myself and refusing to stop working out like a maniac, was the reason I got the infection.
When I workout, my muscles die, my shoulders were always a source of pain and I was pushing myself harder and harder to try to work through my issues, like the gym was going to heal me. lol So I really wonder if I had a bunch of dead muscle tissue that was exposed to the air during surgery, then it got infected or my body reacted to it and caused this "unknown" infection in the first place. it happened weeks after surgery, but it wasn't some massive, explosive, painful infection, I hadn't noticed any pain at all and I know they give IV antibiotics during surgery, so it could've slowed it's advance. I'm curious? 





This picture above shows my deltoid with gauze sticking out of it and some exposed muscle tissue, it was packed with a lot more gauze than I had imagined, it looked like an entire roll had been stuff inside, you can see what I mean in the video. 





December

Dom and I Started ice skating before my surgery to close up that giant open wound. even though my shoulder was wide open, I felt way better, I don't know if it was the IV antibiotics, or all of the IV fluids flushing through my system, but something made me feel like I could take on the world and doctors didn't believe me.
It's sad looking back, Laura must've gotten her hopes up and had them crushed so many times and in the end it seems like I point the finger or blame people, but I'm just trying to explain what happened and I don't always remember what was going one around me, since I was so single minded, I wasn't thinking of her feelings or what this experience was like for her. It's hard to talk about someone who "was" an important part of my life, but I wasn't all there, so they've moved on. lol 






This picture above shows my deltoid split down the middle, that totally freaked me out, I didn't understand why I found it so unnerving, usually I find such things fascinating. 


This picture above shows my deltoid right after surgery, with the two drains in it, it was so painful, it was unbearable at times, it was the strangest pressure, thankfully the pain meds took the edge off. 



This picture above shows my deltoid looking all nice and pretty, doctors used plenty of sutures to put me back together. 




At some point, I had a colonoscopy To figure out what was wrong with me






Medications for the year.




















 
1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 