 

Work in progress

2014 
January


At this point I was still feeling awesome after getting out of the hospital, we're going ice skating all the time, even though my ankle felt like shit, having those tight skates kept it held firm and I hardly even noticed it.

 I was able to skate like a maniac, Dominic and I were playing tag all the time, it was the greatest cardio I've ever experienced in my life. I'd even started jogging at the gym with an ankle brace.





 1-28-2014 

I completed that fake anger management class on January 28th, this was at the Gandara's outpatient clinic at 175 Dwight Road. I felt like it was such a waste of my life, it felt like such a sick joke. I didn't learn anything at all, all it did was cost me a co-pay every time I went there. 

I felt like it was just another money making scheme, designed to piss people off and cause them to lash out, from ignoring their problems, instead of addressing them. 

These classes were so stupid, these assholes never had us talk about anything meaningful, or discuss how we were going to solve our problems. 

They just had use ramble on about nothing. 



2014-02-07

On the 7th I went down to the court house and filed a harassment order against Kishana, at this point I was seeing her drive by our house on Hope St. on a regular basis. I'd pointed her out my family, I had asked neighbors to keep a look out, and I even reported these incidents to police, but nothing was done. Then I received text threats and I had enough.
 I thought that she was stalking me and I wanted this entire situation addressed. lol 
Little did I know, I was In for a surprise.
The order was granted, and I was originally scheduled to return to court on the 20th, but I got a letter in the mail and someone at the courthouse had the hearing date bumped to the 12th. 


2014-02-12
Assault on Phillips Ave.
It was really crummy out this morning, we'd had snow recently and the roads were pretty rough. I had gotten up early for court, I was excited to finally be addressing these issues with the infamous driver. I left our house around 8am to catch the bus, I walked east on Hope St. then north on Phillips.

I've thought about this event so many times, that I don't actually remember if I saw that black Ford SUV when it started up the road or if  I really just noticed it as it pulled up and those men jumped out. I was probably watching the street, the roads were much narrower because of the snow.

Thank God I was still feeling like a million bucks from that IV medication or whatever happened to me during surgery, When these two dudes jump and tried to attack me, I started swinging away and I don't think they were for how fast I was and how great I felt at that moment.


It wasn't till I got off the bus and I was walking up the steps into the courthouse that I noticed that I was bleeding, that's when I began to panic, I rushed to the security counter and told them what happened, and they called police.
 An ambulance came and took me to Bay State Emergency Room. While there I texted Laura and her parents and told them what happened, I was in shock, I didn't have a clue what was going on, and police didn't seem interested at all.
I went to NAPA auto parts at the corner of Philips and Boston Rd. later that day and asked the manager, who's been there since the place opened for a copy of the video, but the police had taken it, and he didn't have a copy anymore

IT'S A 2 MINUTE WALK from my house TO THIS PERSONS HOUSE, 463FT ACCORDING TO GOOGLE MAPS.

Looking back, it's clear police knew exactly what had happened and who was involved. The level of deception is outrageous, I can't stand liar and cheats, and these guys had no problem showing me their true colors, I really thought that all the evidence I was gathering was going to help prove what had happened, I thought people would care. lol


























02-28

I was so frustrated at this court date, I totally felt like someone was fucking with me, so spoke up.  It got me totally nowhere. lol but I tried, I was positive information was deleted off my police report, I had proven the driver was driving illegally, though everyone was ignoring whether officers knew or not, I was sure they knew, I had spoken to Judy from the Ombudsman's office and was just waiting to have paper proof, but wasn't in a rush to get it, I was just excited that I was gathering more and more evidence and honestly thought I was going to clear my name. 

I honestly thought something was going to happen today, I totally mouthed off and told judge Hadley about Johnston saying it was him that denied me access to the insurance, even though I didn't ask specifically for the receipt, I was just forced on the fact that Kishana didn't have car insurance and no one was responding to that fact at all. That pathetic piece of fucking shit judge Hadley was probably laughing his ass off after I left the courtroom, dishonorable fuck. lol

I think my speech speaks for itself, I thought I was right, I presented evidence to support everything I was saying to the court and accused people of lying, yet nothing came from any of it. 
People must've thought I was really stupid to just believe what they were saying and not fight in a different way, but I was so sick and barely keeping things in order, so i felt like this was a victory, even though I was treating my wife like a piece of shit at this time.

I had learned Kishana got fired from MHA from being abusive towards disabled residents and I had yelled at Laura, I wanted her mother to write something about Kishana being fired and I basically verbally attacked Laura without any warning or giving her a chance to even understand the situation. 

I remember Laura crying uncontrollably and that made me act like even more of a prick. I notice I don't empathize or show much compassion to others when I'm sick, I act very selfish or stupid. I don't think things through, I just react to things, like when the car hit me and stopped on my foot, I panicked, so I reacted by swinging my arm. 
I probably made everything worse by panicking, if I didn't yank  my foot or stumble forward and strike the window, I might not have been injured at all. 





2014-03-15




March 20th 2014 we had the Pinewood Derby for Dominick's Cub Scouts
This year I carved Dom a Hammerhead shark-shaped pinewood derby car. I tried to put a GI Joe figure on the back of it, but it weighed too much. I decided to go with the shark design since he loved one inflatable one we had, I used to chase him around with it. 









March 28th ish? lol,  I ended up surgery on my ankle, I couldn't take the pinching pain any long, it was so annoying. 

 I was sick at the time, so that probably made me more aware of it and I would focus on things like this, because I had nothing else to focus on. 
I notice I have written this in a few spots, but this is something I notice at the time, it's just an observation about the way I think during these periods. I could be mistaken, but I think I have enough evidence to show there's a pattern of something going on, what I'm not exactly sure, but something. 










May 19, 2014 

Today I heard from the Massachusetts ombudsman and she informed me of the day and time that those officers had accessed that driver's R5 registration information, she nailed down the day of my accident. Before this the Ombudsman could only say yet this woman's information was accessed, but she wasn't super clear on what had been accessed. 

I was beyond excited when I got the news, now I had the proof I thought I need to show that officers knew she was driving illegally, they knew she was driving without car insurance.

I always had this lingering doubt that I was going to hear back and someone was going to say the insurance company didn't inform the registry about the lack of insurance, so police didn't actually know, but her insurance was canceled for lack of payment, which I assumed was from a pattern of not paying and losing insurance before Christmas, I assumed she was buying gifts for her kids and not insurance or repairs for her vehicle.

 I happened to have gone out riding my bicycle that day and I was exhausted, I thought for some reason that I was going to be able to make 40 miles and I excited to try this mile per hour tracker that I just recently bought for my bike.

This ombudsman woman happened to call while I was on my bike ride, so I didn't call back until I got back closer to home, yet I still remember how excited I was when she told me that yes this Kishana's registration information was accessed that day and it was rejected at the time officers accessed it, but I was annoyed that she wasn't able to give me a copy of this information, I was ecstatic that it existed, so I started telling everyone. I once again felt like the pieces were falling into place... lol butthead

This bike ride was a terrible idea, thankfully I had a protein bar on me and it gave my body just enough energy to get home, because I was fading fast. I was a mile from home when I noticed my legs weren't functioning as normal. lol they started to cramp and felt weak, and I was super disappointed that I wasn't going to make my 40 miles. lol I was over 39 3/4 of a mile, but I felt like something was seriously wrong, thankfully I was able to make in home, and into bed, where I laid totally still and wide awake for over 3 hours, I couldn't even explain the kind of tire that I felt physically, but mentally I was totally incapable of passing out, I was like a broken record in my head and endless circle of- what the hell is wrong with me?



may 20-2014 

I don't know how long court orders usually take, but I felt it was taking way to long to address the issues I brought up at the last court appearance and was calling, hoping it would move things along or get me answers, plus I still wanted the audio or transcripts of judge Hadley lying about my jury being sent home. 
I had been calling and calling, looking back I feel like these court clerks were obviously messing with me, but on this day, over the phone, I was made aware that my file was "finally" found and 
my judgement was already in the mail. I always wondered, how do files go missing? plus I was still calling and asking for the audio of judge Hadley saying my jury was sent home by accident, after I was told by Paul and the other women Rosemary in the clerks office that my jury wasn't sent home early, that was a lie.

I should probably note that the court clerk Paul and I used to work together at ADITUS in East Longmeadow, he witnessed the door being locked with the broom handle by that other staff, and I thought I could trust him to help me get to the bottom of all this. lol Never realizing that this guy needed to look out for his own family. lol I was probably giving him a panic attack every time I showed up or called for that transcript of judge Hadley sending my jury home early.
I was Paul and another woman in the clerks office that told me my jury wasn't sent home that day, they had logs of when people were released and they had told me in 2013, but I didn't want to toss them under the bus, but sooner or later the truth comes out and these court clerks aren't guilty of anything except protecting their families at the moment, I know they were always powerless to help me, even if I felt different in 2014. 

5-21

Even though I was still being told I wasn't allowed to have copies of certain things from my file, Paul and Rosemary.

It's funny looking back now, I'm not sure who altered my notarized statement, since I didn't recall giving Milou copies of all my evidence, he said he was going to request everything from the district attorney's office, he claimed he didn't need anything from me, since I gave it all to Johnston. I didn't have a copy of Walmart statement, I had forgotten to make a copy when I handed it in and I didn't think to ask for a copy. 
but it is clear my statement was altered at some point after I gave it to the prosecutor and he used it again in my appeal. 
 

I was so excited when I got that court order in the mail, but something was wrong with the phone line to out copy/fax machine and I didn't want to wait to try fixing it, so I rushed to Staples and faxed it from there. I called CJIS when I got home to make sure they got my fax, the guy said yes, but the request I made was large, he asked it I minded a shorter timeframe, since I had asked my cousin Ferrera who was a state trooper at the time to look into Kishana's registration, to see if there were any issues and he had lied to me, I was happy to have a shorter time frame, then I wouldn't have to lie or tell the truth, if anyone asked if I knew any officers or troopers listed on the CJIS report, since the report only covered a matter of days. 



5-27-2014 
Judge Boyle Ignored all the evidence I provided the court, plus I had bitched about the fact judge Hadley avoided giving me a copy of the receipt I was told I was owed in that trial transript.
Bitch-ass Boyle just started yelling and dismissed me, I remember thinking he was acting like such a little cunt. lol




05-29 learned that driver always drove always illegally, and never had car insurance. lol


I was so disgusted with everything that was going on, and how no one was helping me, so I kept calling everyone I could think of and I eventually reached this kid Brandon at the Registry of Motor Vehicles.

 At first he wasn't very helpful, but then after some word salad, I was able to get him to mail me a copy of her R1 and R5 registry reports, the same type of reports that Springfield police officers see on their screens when they run someone's information. It turns out that this Kishana has been driving without insurance for years, and has had multiple Instances where her registration was suspended and then he informed me that her license was currently suspended for failure to pay taxes to the city of Chicopee, and that she was going to need to take a Driver's course in order to get her license reinstated.

I was so excited when I got this information, I thought because I could now prove that police officers deleted this information off of the police report that I was given at court the day after this accident, that it would also prove that the officer at the complaint department on Maple Street had altered the R5 report that he had given me, but no one cared, They just ignored it. lol



5-29-2014


after a ridiculous amount of effort, i was able to get a registry employee

to help get me legal copies of a registration/title inquiry without a court order.

through this information i was able to confirm that Springfield police officers did in fact delete information 

from their reports. An R5 from the MA state troopers shows both police print outs have 

been altered by different Springfield police officers at different times for different reasons.

i did this because i felt judge Hadley was trying to withhold information from me,  i

wanted to prove how hard it was to obtain information and to prove i wasn't a liar. I felt so sick at this time and I felt like I had something to prove. Even if the insurance company somehow didn't set up an alert for those police officers, the sticker for safety and the missing front plate and the registration was suspended should have set things off as well




June

6-3-2014

According to police reports ADA Katharine Johnston discovered that altered court order on her own, 

She also noted that it was sent to someone she works close with on a regular basis, Randy Milo, Mr. "I don't know what to do about all of this, it doesn't make any sense. I can only file appeals." lol fucking loser

I always wanted to know what happened to the original copy of the court order for me to get the video 
from Walmart, the one that ADA Johnston had.  She only gave me a copy, and I have to leave it with Walmart security.

ADA Johnston also had originals of my statement that was notarized
and Sheldon's statement. she only had a copy of the security guard 
statement, because he gave me a copy and kept the original at Walmart.





Paul and Rosemary snuck me copies of receipt judge Hadley and ada Johnston tried to hide from me on 06-13-2013 lol I was also able to use my phone and take pictures of the color photo's, so I can also prove the rejection sticker on her SUV was red, it was rejected for safety when it hit me and officers let her drive away, real fucking safe. I always wondered if the reason she hit me had anything to do with the safety failures her car was suffering from, lol my mind wanders to all kinds of weird thoughts. 


6-13-2014
Then I went to the window place to see how this driver paid for our window, since she didn't have car insurance, that's when i learned ada Johnston lied about the window being paid for. I was so excited to hear the news, as soon as this guy said- I know exactly who you're talking about, she never returned to pay for her window, she didn't have car insurance, in my head it was like winning the lottery again, police knew she was driving without insurance, and now I caught her lying about paying for the window, presenting a fake receipt to the courts and driving without insurance, I thought I was going to be in the news for uncovering all this bullshit. lol man was I wrong. 


I was super disappointed when the owner/manager of the window shop said he wasn't gonna give me a copy of the receipt to return to court with, because he didn't believe anyone was ever going to pay for it, so thought I should pay for it, so i offered and he said he'd agree to that, it wasn't my bill, but he wanted to get paid for his work. So I went to my bank and got a money order, I wanted to leave a trail of what I was doing, I rushed back to the shop, paid the owner, without ever asking him any more question and brought a copy of this evidence back to court. 
I never asked the owner how much the receipt was I simply offered to pay for it he said okay and I went by what the court had told me the price was.

It wasn't until I got to court that I noticed that the prices were different and that the original unaltered price was only $245, less than the 311 claimed. 

I went back to the window shop and accused the owner of changing the price for who ever he gave it to and he became furious with me and demanded that I leave. 

I said I was going to call the cops and report what he did. And that;s when he looked really pissed and said I never asked him what the price was, I just said I would pay for it and I ran off and then I came back with a money order.

 He told my better leave right now and that he prays I get some help. I asked him well why is the price different, and he said he didn't know, he said that the $245 was the price that he faxed to the insurance company and that the driver never returned to pay for her window, when it came back that she did not have insurance, he wasn't able to get ahold of her again. It had just worked out that she dropped the car off late and picked it up early, so the insurance company didn't have time to alert him, before he handed over the keys. 

He said another woman came and asked for a copy of the receipt and said she needed it for court and that she never came back and she never offered to pay for the window either. 

I feel really lucky that guy didn't knock me out, he was way bigger than I was and he looked like he felt beyond disrespected by my rude behavior, but he didn't lash out or swear at me

 I have no excuse for my behavior, I was sick at the time, so I wasn't thinking straight, that negative interaction was all my fault, i jumped to conclusions without asking him. thankfully I got him to write that statement before I pissed him off. lol

I'd provided the police report with missing auto insurance, my unaltered notarized statement and the altered version, the fake receipt I found inside the court docket, the actual receipt I got from the window place, copies of my medical records, and the complaint from the civilian department, copies of this girls lack of insurance to the court clerk, but I was told I wasn't allowed to present what I found to the DA's office, I tried to report this to Jon Gay too and was told not to return to address this, since I had another matter pending. 

06-12






6-13-2014 

I felt like I was a man on a mission at this point, I didn't let anything discourage me and after feeling totally dismissed by all the different people ignoring me at the courts, I went to the MA state police barrack's at 300 Liberty St. and asked for their help. 

I chewed these troopers ears off, I told them how I was hit by a car while walking, Springfield officers denied me medical attention and then I learned that that driver didn't have car insurance and how she had family down at the courthouse, then I learned information had been altered on my notarized statement, I learned Kishana was also driving with a suspended registration and a rejection sticker for safety,  and I really thought that the driver was responsible at this point. lol dumbass

They didn't know why the R5 the officer that the complaint department gave me didn't have her rejection sticker information on it. it should have been there

they gave me unaltered copied of Kishana's R1 and R5 reports, but those troopers claimed they didn't know what to do or who to contact. 

.



June 16th we want fishing in Hamden, up the street from the rec where we used to have our family picnics, that river was pretty awesome, there's a VFW there that has an anti aircraft gun. seeing that stuff always gets me excited, it reminds me of being a kid and climbing on the one that used to be right over the bridge in Ludlow. This is the same river that runs behind the nursing home that my grandmother passed away in, grandma Francis. 

I remember having horrible anxiety this day, I really noticed it as we drove by her old nursing home, and I got this weird urge, I wanted to stop and walk around, to see if I could remember more. I don't know why I would want to experience all that suffering agan, I don't wanna smell that either, nursing homes always the same smell.






2014-6-20


I was confused, when I was sent conflict of interest, I was told it was because judge Hadley is friends with members of Kishana family, the courts didn't want there to appear to be any conflicts of interest. 


I wasn't sure what was going on at this point, from what I was told from Paul, Rosemary and others was-  this was all because Kishana's cousin works in the clerks office, her sister works with the district attorneys office in some capacity. 

In the beginning I thought I had a has case because I caught, her driving without car insurance, I discovered she had a suspended registration and a rejection sticker for safety, then somebody altered my statement. 
I had no idea it was about a phony court order, I was totally clueless, I acted  .



6-22 
Laura and I Went hiking with my cousin James, his girl friend Stacey, their kids Ava and Avery, up Monument Mountain and we went to Bash Bish Falls. This was one of those trips where I was happy that there were people that were slower than me. lol The view from Monument Mountain was beautiful and we saw a hawk or some type of bird of prey sitting on a ledge of a Cliff. I loved going on these trips but I physically felt like garbage and struggled to keep up.






July

When I first learned of this forgery charge, I was super excited. I thought that this was finally my moment, I was finally going to be able show all of the evidence I had collected..

I honestly thought the courts were going to do something about me finding my altered notarized statement. the one with the forged electronic signature, that also happened to be missing the part where I documented her sisters address in Chicopee, the one she used to get a discount on car insurance and taxes. lol

When this all started I thought this was a case against Kishana and I was on the prosecution's side, I had received a letter in the mail with a court date, but when I got to court I was all confused that the case was against me. They offered to appoint me a lawyer. so I accepted.
 
 I was appointed attorney Nolan, when I met him, he was super excited about presenting my evidence. and told me on multiple occasions that he thought this case was a slam dunk. He went on and on how good my evidence was.
 I had the police report that was missing her car insurance information, I had verification that her car insurance had been suspended, and her SUV had a rejection sticker for safety.
I also had the police reply from Maple St. that was missing my actual medical information, I had the paperwork from Brandon at the registry, that shows Kishana had been committing insurance and tax fraud for years. 

then just ignoring the fact that everyone else has to pay and I thought someone was helping her. 

I alwys knew police were lying, they didn't just remember her address, when they told me on the car ride back to the station. That CJIS report proved that those officers ran her license plate that day, they knew her vehicle didn't have insurance, they knew she had a rejection sticker for safety and they knew her registration was suspended, yet chose to ignore the law anyway. lol fucking dickheads
 
 I also told Nolan about the time I saw Kishana pulled over on Slater Ave. and how that officer let her drive away as well. I thought for sure her car was going to get towed that day, I believe it was around May of 2014.

I really thought that, now I have all that, I can prove that those officers knew Kishana was driving without car insurance that day. The CJIS report proved that beyond a shadow of a doubt 

Then to top things off I had the newly found window receipt that proves ada Johnston handed Judge Hadley a forgery. I thought I was about to win big and expose all these lies, I thought, what else could I possibly need? 

I remember talking to attorney Nolan about the fact that- I could have attacked someone at that address in Chicopee, if I was a psychopath. I didn't see why officers would have told me to go get her insurance information from her herself, except to be wiseasses or start trouble.

Those pathetic pieces of fucking trash, knew she didn't have car insurance and they probably knew she didn't live it that address either. lol 

At some point, Nolan was forced to step aside, because of a "conflict of interest", 
but he did tell me to file another complaint at the mayors office and a complaint at the US attorneys office at the federal building on State Street, so I went down , filed my complaints and was ignored again. lol



Levine Withdraws
That worthless cunt attorney Anna Levine said I wasn't able to pursue my appeal, because I had been charged with forgery, which didn't make any sense to me. This stupid cunt spent a year claiming to address my lack of insurance, how the commonwealth was able to withhold the drivers insurance status, plus Levine now knew that officers had ran Kishana's license now, she knew someone created a fake receipt and used it as evidence and did nothing about it. 




August 




September

2014-09-09

I was devastated to learn Kishana was able to get a harassment order against me, especially after I had learned about the receipt being fake, the police report was missing the fact that she was driving without car insurance the day she hit me. I couldn't understand what was going on or why no one would listen to me. My family probably thought I was going insane or a compulsive liar.

I reported her to the courts for using a fake address for insurance and excise purposes and they basically told me to go fuck myself. I'm actually really shocked the insurance company didn't try to file any charges against her for insurance fraud, and she owed taxes to Chicopee, that's why her license was suspended, but she lived in Springfield and was driving around anyway, so I was surprised the cities didn't go after her for tax evasion. From what I was told she was also getting state assistance at this, time, because she had young kids, so I don't know what the hell was going on.



Sept 15 nagged Sheldon for statement



October

2014-10-1

i tried once again to report the illegal activity i found going on.

courts denied my attempts at showing what i found.

i also noticed the signatures on the harassment order and those

 auto glass receipts were different, so i went to court and paid

 for a copy of the check they mailed Kishana, so i could get a better 
look at her signature

I went to see my uncle Dave in the hospital, I don't remember when I became aware he had cancer. I never got to talk with him about it or have a heart to heart, but I did say some words to him, then I hung around talking with the Stebbins family. I'm not close with them, maybe they don't like the way I talk or how open I am. lol But I do remember a couple people telling me that my father was supposed to come back and play some music for my uncle, since he wasn't expected to make it. He was highly sedated and he couldn't speak at all or open his eyes, but you could almost hear his breathing alter when you were talking to him, like he was getting emotional and wanted to break free, but he wasn't too much pain or the drugs to powerful and he couldn't. 

I knew my dad was the kind of guy to put things off and he loved to take naps, so I became concerned when he wasn't making preparations to go back to the hospital, he didn't pack his guitar into his SUV. He wasn't moving around his apartment. I can't remember if I knocked or how I got his attention.

Either way we ended up standing in the backyard in Warren, and I was trying my hardest to convince my father how much it would mean to his brother if he went there and played the guitar one last time and that people were expecting him back.

My dad told me how he and his brother used to play with a couple other friends, I think he said they played at a garage at the Westover Air Force Base in Chicopee. but either way, he told me they all used to play in a little band together, and that inspired me to try harder. 



 In the end my dad and his best friend Rick Moran did go to the hospital and they played the guitar for my uncle Dave and my family members said that they saw tears in my uncle Dave's eyes. And that makes me want to cry and it makes me happy at the same time, it's sad that he was dying, but I'm happy that his brother was there for him in the end, sharing something that they loved together, one last time.

I know for a fact that my father would not have gone and played the guitar with his buddy Rick. if I hadn't brought up inviting him. I don't have any musical talent, I goof around and sing karaoke, ad I don't think I could go to a hospital and sing goodbye to someone, without totally breaking down. lol I have tears in my eyes as I write this and it's 2026-02-28.



Uncle Dave passed away on November 22nd 2014. he was born July 13, 1956 in Plattsburg, NY. I had forgotten that we used to drive by this Air Force base on vacations, but my father had told me some random stories about his family and I don't remember the details of the moment. I just saw this information while reading my Uncle Dave's obituary. I totally forgot that he was born in Plattsburgh New York, he graduated from Springfield Technical Community College with an associate's degree in electronic engineering, He graduated from Springfield Technical High School, I'm not sure where that or was.





Went to the casinos for somebody's birthday. In the picture below I'm pushing Frank around in a wheelchair. He looks like crap here, This summer he learned that he had some sort of vitamin K deficiency and he was having a lot of pain in one of his legs. We were at the beach and his girlfriend Erin thought he was faking, cause you know, it's Frank. lol 
Erin told him something like. "oh stop being a baby", but in a more playful/you're just a sissy kind of way. lol
when he was complaining about the pain in his leg, and it turned out to be a blood clot. lol


I had more fun pushing him around at that wheelchair, than I did gambling. I was more excited about getting a slice at Frank Pepe's pizzeria. 


































Link to BHN mental health records for 2014-2015

https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2025/06/2014-2015-behavioral-health-network.html



 














Medications for the year.












 
1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 