
2017
January

 For a short time they had this really cool indoor flea market at 270 Main Street in Agawam, it wasn't as big as the one across from Kmart in Holyoke was, but it was still a lot of fun to explore, so I would drag Beth and Dom there as often as I could, since we did every other weekend with her son, I tried to sneak in adventures in the west on off weeks.
 We used to go there a couple times a month, Brian Small had a booth in the back left corner. Jen Oliski's dad had a booth and made little vehicles from soda and beer cans. I thought they were the coolest little things, I always wanted to make some, but I didn't want to keep any. lol I still have a minnow bucket that I bought there too, it reminded me of the minnow buckets we used to use at Fern Lake in New York And now it reminds me of that flea market, Brian and my family adventures in New York.
This is where I got the winter scene oil painting in the picture below. I still think this is beautiful and it's traveled around with me to a few different locations. Right now it's in my bedroom on Hope St. Every now and then I wonder what it would be like to hike through those woods, is it a real place? Was this just a place the artist saw in his minds eye?
This painting is what got me into buying oil paintings and skipping the prints.



February
Oli moves in with Pat. 
Looking back, this was entire shitshow. lol Oli had some issues in school, nothing out of the ordinary, but the topic of moving in with her dad Pat came up and I was already worried about pushing my luck with my Dad and Sue, even though we paid rent, it was at a discount and I had agreed to live by his rules, and I had already broke them with the dogs. lol I don't know why he didn't want animals and I don't know why i worried about breaking his rules, he loves his cat Ivan and that was one of Laura and I's foster kittens, he also used to enjoy getting scrappy and Harley to bark, he'd walk by the porch and just ignore the dogs, so they'd get all whacky. lol as soon as you open the porch door, they stop barking and want attention, but behind the glass they'd vicious little beasts. lol

Anyway, I don't know how it came down to, if you move in with your dad, you can't come back. lol but that is what happened, Oli packed up all her stuff, and moved in with her dad. There was so much going on with Stephen and I was obviously being a bitch and worried about what everyone thought, that I didn't worry about what Beth's youngest was going through, and no one else was either. Shows you how fucked up and selfish adults are. 

Needless to say, you won't hear any stories about Oli for a couple years, Beth reaches out in 2021? maybe the winter of 2020, but I'll get to that. For all the good I try to do, there's stupid shit like this that I thought was a "safe" idea and didn't take other people into consideration, I was just worried about the idea of getting trouble. 

Started buying star wars figures and putting up display shelves all over the apartment.
As much as I love toys, it's clear my fucking head wasn't in the right place, but I dodn't know what the fuck  to do. I was in pain all the time, I still had the mindset I wanted to fight the courts but felt powerless, so I started playing with diorama's and experienced a second childhood. lol wtf
I was helping Stephen, working and spending time with family, but I wasn't living my best life. I think I collected toys because I was so far away from everyone and no one ever wanted to help me fight the system of help Beth's son, so I stuck to myself and toys, instead of writing, but I was documenting, but not as good as this. 


Bought Krangs Rampage on Ebay, picture below is of the complete Mega Construx Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle set



20th
I'm pretty I learned that I had my genetic disorder today on this day in 2017, Beth and I went to Bay State Genetics and they told me that I had a untreatable/incurable genetic muscle disorder, and that this diagnosis, along with my hyperthyroidism, explained all of the symptoms that I've described over the last decade.
I was both thrilled that I finally had a answer after all of this time, something that everything now, but also devastated that there was no way to treat it and that the damage had already been done. 

I tried to talk to people about it, but nobody seemed to care I was thrilled, I was ecstatic, I felt like all of my hard work had finally paid off and nobody gave a fuck. lol

April 




2nd



Saturday April 15th did the Westfield Wildwater Canoe races came in second with my brother and we did the race with a bunch of his friends



May I found some baby turtles with Dom when he brought him home and put him in the pond


June


In June we took a ride and I saw newer rendition of the general Lee and took a picture. It's definitely not as cool as the old one, but it's still fun to see. 




July

July 2nd Beth and I took Dom to a car show in Worcester. This is the firs time I ever remember getting to ride on a monster truck, it was beautiful out this day. I was probably way more excited than everyone else, I had always dreamed of riding in a monster truck and even though we didn't go crazy, the drive went fast enough to make to totally worth the few dollars.

 I always love seeing the DeLorean from Back to the Future. I took a picture of the Shelby Cobra because Dom and I had been playing Need for Speed: Most Wanted, for the Nintendo WII U and it was one of his favorite cars at that time. I took a picture of the Trans Am because it reminded me of Smokey and the Bandit, I loved those movies growing up, even though I haven't seen them in 20 plus years.











July 
new port Rhode Island again with Beth

Traxxas 4x4 Stampede Rc truck from Hog Heaven in Sturbridge. He only bought one. lol mister cheapo. lol
Dom thought it was pretty cool, but it wasn't as much fun as I was hoping it would be. 

This is the summer july 18ish, Chet bought me the Gopro Karma drone

August


5-mile, Dom rc boat
https://youtu.be/ZsjMRL-kjek


Mt Tom Ski Lodge before fire
https://youtu.be/yl4MlmGtxfg





https://youtu.be/LnxhEsvjvEw
https://youtu.be/4lrkYnYDT2o







This picture below from the 9th. I was bored and obviously had a lot of mental energy, so I started messing around with my dad's trail-cam.
 
I thought this scene was absolutely hilarious. I don't know if these trail-cams make a noise before or when they take a picture, but it looks like the raccoon was altered to something watching it, as it was reaching for the drumstick, that I had tied to a broken broom handle, which I taped it to a log. I leaned that log up against this little plastic structure that Beth for compost down back by the brook and leaf pile, so it acted like a ramp for any interested critters. lol




8-20 flying drone over 5-mile while Dom races rc boat below-video

https://youtu.be/ZsjMRL-kjek

8-21-2017 Dr Luber Right elbow Arthroscopy





Crystal Springs:
You detailed the overmedication, denial of home visits, and repeated broken promises from staff like Rich Mancini, who lied about mall outings, activities, and even threatened ER placement when you resisted the use of “time-out closets”
September




September 24 flying drone over Mt Tom old Ski houses before they burned down.-with Dom and Beth
https://youtu.be/3RUtd8P1XWM
https://youtu.be/cRTjSRGa9E8
https://youtu.be/csRSiUO3grg
https://youtu.be/yl4MlmGtxfg
https://youtu.be/XpHnqscyDrU
https://youtu.be/EyAc-JWmdv4
https://youtu.be/RLEyB9gZ5bc

October 1 Took drone video at Forest Park in Springfield with Dom and Beth
https://youtu.be/JbGkbjjtvVI
https://youtu.be/cdiws54VTao
https://youtu.be/V0EwTt969Xg
https://youtu.be/37W9YhP3eKM
https://youtu.be/-WO9F9ROrHo
https://youtu.be/pptQZ42_mw8

11-16-2017 dr Luber Right elbow Arthroscopy

October

10-13
Richard Lynds reached out to me, this was the first time I heard from him since he was a fucking weirdo at Mingles. lol I honestly thought he was going to want to talk about what happened or ask some questions to help jog my memory, but he didn't, I think he was just lonely and didn't know what to do. I wish he actually asked me something or tried to put him in contact with other people, anything to get her to attention to her case and try to figure out what happened. 

November


Thanksgiving

December

December 16 -Red Bridge dam Karma drone video
I've always loved going to red and seeing it from above was really cool Come on especially because of the snow on the ground allowing you to see extra streams and details that you'd normally wouldn't be able to see.

https://youtu.be/Q3CHx_6ZScw

30th
Gopro Karma over brook in warren. This special come up I just thought it was beautiful the way the stream looked in the snow Comm like a crack in the ice, and I thought it was really neat the way the trees looked at different angles from above.

https://youtu.be/D_eZqhWjpBI

Medications for the year.







