2019 
I saw that a local blogger Lou Rock was making videos about Tammy so I wrote him April first 2019 I ended up meeting with him and he showed me where that pit was on Fox Road that I've never seen before. I made him some drone videos that he added to his videos of Tammy. I invited him over the house on Hope Street to show him what the house look like in the basement and why I thought it was a dumb idea that people come saying she crawled through my window and there was no evidence to support that. You can see all the plants outside of my window there's wild even before the middle of summer


April 11- Made drone videos for Lou Rock, I really thought that'd help it out

Youtube links 
This one I launched from the parking lot across the street from Olsh, knight fell
https://youtu.be/W-XMb0L_wbQ
This one is of a house that got torn down on Boston Rd in Wilburham
https://youtu.be/PbcC9mHlt2s
April Went with Dominic and Beth to New York City to the international car show to the Intrepid Museum and to another museum I forgot the name lol 



It's kind of funny when I saw the space shuttle enterprise it brought a tear to my eye like I felt very emotional I don't know why. A part of me feels like I was staring at possibilities, I felt like this shuttle still has potential lol































May 2019 my shoulder and neck are killing me so I go to the drs at New England orthopedic and get and MRI.







May 2 I had a mishap shaving Harley. Oops lol



I made my first YouTube toy review, I put some sunglasses on, a bandanna On my head and over my mouth and talk to a ridiculous voice, I thought it was hilarious, My cousin Dougie was using the puppet, and we called him Todd, I don’t remember why we called them Todd, but I thought it was hilarious. 

I have always loved messing around with puppets, ever since watching the Muppet show as a child, we did a stuffed animal show on videotape once with my cousins, Kenny, Micheal, and Joey, this was back in 1998 or 99, it was either before or after Shannon, I don’t remember, and I haven’t seen the video in forever. 
Beth got so mad at me after making this video, I had made fun of her during because she had a plastic bag on her, she was dyeing her hair and didn get dye on her clothes on the furniture. I don't know why she got offended, I thought it was funny that look like a bag lady and she was walked around in a bathrobe, because she had to shower after dyeing her hair, so it wasn't like she was walking around looking stylish. lol






https://youtu.be/IZL7KutyIeE?feature=shared


June 13 I practice making some rockets on the porch and was using my slow motion option on the phone. Now that I've seen this video I want to try it again with my new iPhone 15 pro and see how the slow motion videos come out. Here's a Youtube link
https://youtu.be/9fkIK7epo2M


August

Caught my first fish with my RC boat, a Dace, it was so exciting, I’m lucky it wasn’t a bigger fish. lol





 I talked to Tammy's sister again around this time I also started talking to Lou Rock I believe I have texts from Allison in August

September

 2019 Beth had allowed me to collect quite a collection of toys while I was having all these surgeries, I also practice making stop motion at this time since it allowed me to work at my own pace





















Picture below Harley passed out on the couch on our back porch. September. She’s so lazy. lol For a little puppy that looks "so adorable and snuggly", she is the worst snuggler in the world. lol





October 6th Reptile show New Hampshire, Madame Sherri Forest Stone stair case. This was a rough trip, A lot of the trips with Beth were always rough. She always felt guilty that her son was being left behind and that we are taking my nephew to do all these exciting things. I don’t blame her for being upset but at the same time I need to live my life and I can’t drive four hours to go pick somebody up round-trip so I can go drive to another show. That’s a four hour round-trip and then have to drop somebody else off again And make another four hour trip. This is too much.









October 26-  took Dom to Mary Lynch used RC truck at with GoPro attached, Youtube link 
https://youtu.be/IY722_hIGdA


November 2 Rhode Island Comic-Con- This was one of the coolest comic cons I ever went to, I got to hang out with Ethan Peck for over 1/2 hour total talking about all kinds of cool stuff and how Patrick Stewart was the sexiest man alive and how he has a lot to live up to. This was before Star Trek Strange New Worlds came out so he wasn't as popular, so I thought this was awesome.



11-8 puppy kisses





November 23 first time hooking toy up to drone.

https://youtu.be/SggpuCNsWYY



December 2019 Beth got Stephen an iPad and he he began communicating his ideas more.

https://youtu.be/RQalUiCnu40?si=i3Hi2e7WwlrC-fHS

Medications for the year.












