 2021

This year started out fantastic, so I never would have guessed that it would end on such a sour note

February 14 Pulpit Rock Pond ice fishing









3-1 Had left shoulder surgery with Dr Luber, I was playing video games at this time and that was the worst mistake I could have ever made being lazy I should have moved way more because my shoulder bothered me for a long time after this event

March 10



Moore State Park







May 26 
There was a Lightning storm in West Warren, so i set my camera up and took some slow motion video. I still love doing this, when I get the chance, I haven't been as lucky since moving to Springfield. lol

youtube link
https://youtu.be/sQ_TnX82zfc

June
06-08
$100 FPV plane, I was so excited to learn to fly this thing, and I only end up flying it once. 





06-07
I took a picture and left this bine on the stairs for monts. lol I thought it looked so cool, though I never figured out what it was. I found what looked like the top part of a cat stuff and that sat on my dads back steps for the longest time as well. lol







06-11






06-24



06-26




06-26.1



July


July



Things were starting to get a little stressful around the apartment at this point. We had the blinds on the porch, SO we could smoke and not have to interact with others. 

Sue's son and family came to stay a couple weeks next door and needless to say, that didn't go well.

It was doomed from the start, Beth and I had taken the dogs to Hope St. and Sue, my daad, Adam, Kim and their kids were all in the gazebo next to the garage when we arrived.

 I took Harley and Scrappy by their leashes and walked to our back door like we always did, but this time someone had piled chairs in front of the steps, so they we blocked, Beth was carrying something else right behind us. T

The next thing I know, Adam's two big dogs come barreling towards us barking and I went to yank Harley in the air, for whatever reason I wasnt't as concerned for Scrappy. lol Poor dog, anyway, I yanked on Harley's leash to lift her up and something snapped, I had the leasha and Harley was on the ground. Thank God the dogs stopped when I shouted. It turns out Beth accidently attached her leash to her rabies ring, not her harness. 

right after this I bought a totally different harness, I was paranoid something was going to snatch her and I wasn't going to be able to yank her in the air in time.  

Perception is 9/10 reality so it doesn't really matter what other people think, it only matters what you believe in a moment and unfortunately I was sick, I felt like that whole situation was absolutely terrible, I thought Harley was going to die. I wasn't happy at all. lol 




 

Shortly after Sue's son Adam arrived, I tried to talk to him in the basement, unfortunetly he wasn't interested in talking about what was going on, it was pretty weird having them workout in the basement, but never talking to them. lol Shortly after that I put in a doggy door, so we wouldn't have to smell the cat pee smell, lol For some reason, their cat Ivan never cleaned his litter box, so it was always overflowing, unless they went on vacation, then I would clean it. 

I really wonder if I could have figured things out sooner, if someone would have sat down and talked with me, instead of everyone always ignoring all the problems that were going on around us. 

I think the most depressing part at the time was thinking he was a bright guy, he works for NASA, I thought he would have tried to figure out every single problem that was placed in front of him. lol 

Especially if someone has a problem with your mother. Wouldn't you like to understand what was going on? Unless he already knew she's a pain in the neck and didn't want to talk it? lol



07-01



07-18







August

08-10




August 21 Dom's birthday party last party with Dad. 


Youtube link
https://youtu.be/ym2d-TM1b-k

Grandma Stebbins, Born Elizabeth Picard died the 24th. My dad and I weren’t really talking at this time, I feel like a piece of shit looking back. I don’t know who, but someone had mentioned that I was too injured to be a pallbearer at her funeral and I was all butt hurt about it. lol 

What a shitty time in my life emotionally, I was a train wreck and didn’t even realize it. 

Needless to say, I was very upset that I couldn’t be a pallbearer and that someone had already taken my place, even though I wasn’t really close with her, I felt like someone had robbed me of my opportunity to do something that I thought was supposed to be important. Looking back it’s obviously a ridiculous notion and I should’ve just been happy, happy to support my family in anyway not upset that I couldn’t carrying a casket for a woman that I wasn’t even close to. lol Who knows maybe there were someone that really wanted to do it. 

There was a service the 27th I went to Sampson’s funeral home to pay my respects, but I avoided him while I was there. 
I remember I was hesitant about going in, so I was towards the south, looking north, when you walk in the building, they place caskets to the left or right, this time was left and there’s a wall, so you can avoid people walking around
I was talking with my cousin Joey and I took my opportunity to go up and say a little prayer for my grandmother when my dad walked away to use the bathroom or smoke, then made a quick exit. 
I feel so stupid looking back, after the funeral, my dad had asked if I had went, Since you didn’t see me, and I told them that I saw him when he was going to the bathroom, like it was no big deal that I didn’t wait around for five fucking minutes, to say something to my father after his mother had just passed away.
This is one of those moments where you really realize how terrible the communication in your family is, A moment where I couldn’t even talk to my father about his mother, someone that he loved, my grandmother, someone I should’ve loved more and had more happy memories with, but I didn’t, and this is one of the reasons why I’m writing all of this, so hopefully other kids don’t experience what I did and have a brighter future .

September



09-05



















2021-09-18-Great-Grandpa-Petes-Wooden-Car

September 18 

I took these pictures of the last toy I saw from my great grandpa Pete. My Dad had saved this after who knows how many years, I'm not sure if he always he it or if someone offered it to him while they were cleaning things out. But seeing it instantly reminds me of going over his house with my dad one time and how he used to set up at the OLSH bazaar and sell little items for charity. He was such a kind gentle soul, or at least that's the impression I got. He had a wood workshop in his basement in Agawam and as a child I wanted to build things so badly, I was so excited to get a peek and chewed my dad's ear off about it when I got to peek. I loved exploring peoples basement. lol 

I can't recall when he passed away and I think I only went back over to see great grandma once after Samantha was born, then she passed away and they were never talked about again. 

I hope to get a change to make another little vehicle for some kid one day, hopefully inspire them to make something with their own hands and give it to someone else. I love building and crafting things, but I don't really want them. I'd love to build things and let them go. lol

You can see all the toys Beth let me collect in the background. I know they're just plastic, but I still love toys, lol I love stuff, I love looking at things and rearranging things. I still love the idea of building a diorama. 

I leave this car behind when I move out, I was feeling pissy, I felt like my Dad wasn't listening, I was still upset about how our phone call went after court October 14th, so I didn't want to bring something that he cared about with me, I choose to leave it behind. 





09-22











09-25



09-25





09-26









September 27 and 28- Today was the first successful and non-successful flight of my Zohd Dart 250 RC plane. The FPV plane and I haven't flown it since but there's a fun story behind this man I got it right more



First time flying my zodh dart 250g. I am using a flysky i6X and ia6b. Also the kopilot and camera setup sold together on banggood. Everything seemed fine until the motor stopped responding . I should have nosed dived it, but I thought the plane would fall to the ground. I’m not an expert pilot, so I’m sure that didn’t help. I wasn’t able to retrieve to the plane because it was 60+ feet in the air.



Man did I luck out. I went back the next day with a fishing pole and a bunch of weights and totally failed in my attempts to retrieve my plane. Just as I was about to give up and call it a loss, this older guy comes over and says wait a few minutes, I got this. He goes back to his house and comes back with the taped together makeshift poker. He then climbs 50 feet up a different tree, while holding on to this thing and was able to poke my plane free. I thought for sure he was going to fall and die. I tried talking him out of it, but he had all the confidence in the world. I tried to offer him something for saving me $200 for getting my plane back, but he was so humble and refused. There are still really nice/amazing people in the world.






https://youtu.be/6lAhGo0GFSA

https://youtu.be/kSabiZsib3U













October 

2nd

I distinctly remember feeling super fucked and being with Beth in the kitchen, and then she said I was annoying her as always, preventing her from doing other things., I know she was joking, but I remember thinking that everything was going to be OK as long as I had her. lol 







3rd

I went over my mother and Kathy and Dominic were putting on our pool cover, and my mom was just standing there and then all of a sudden she fell and ended up breaking her wrist. I thought it was so bizarre at the time, I was so confused, I didn't know what the hell had happened. Looking back I was way more shocked about what had happened then I think I would have been if I had been healthy at the time, but I could tell looking back that thyroid was fluctuating and that my emotional responses were not the same. 

It wasn't long before this that little cousin in Texas was in an accident and broke his neck, And I remember being horrified by that and thinking all of these horrible events are happening, Beth's son is constanty being abused and neglected, it was all overwhelming. Which is totally out of character for me, normally I would feel empowered and ready to fight for people, not like this was getting to be too much.



Beth had made bacon some point on the 3rd and I was doing dishes before we we were getting ready for bed,  we used this wire  Can I remember Oli came up behind me had said something, I need the sink, and I remember it totally freaked me out. I remember feeling like she trying to take over the house combo that she was trying to boss me around and I didn't say anything, I was just like 0 and then I went out on the porch and had a cigarette and thought about how I was talk to Beth about what had happened.



Porch



Diningroom



Upstairs



diningroom/kitchen





10-04

On the 2nd, I wrote to Stephen's manager Cynthia at Venture, I sent her an email about all the problems we were having at the house and she was supposed to help us hold Venture accountable for all the behavior that was going on, she was keeping track of everything, I really felt like she was going to help us protect all of these innocnent disabled adults, who were being abused in those homes.

The picture below shows that Cynthis wrote me on the 4th at 10:00 AM and said that she'd been dismissed from employment of venture, I that the company knew that she was trouble and was going to cost them a lot of money in the long run, So they to get rid of her as fast as they could, but they didn't realize that they were about to get rid of me for a while as well. lol





October 4, 2021- Beth 911 audio

Date: October 4, 2021

Event: Beth’s 911 Call (Angry and Dispatch Audio)

Link: https://youtu.be/nn2X-KhZBdY?si=WnGeyBe3-UMmReUz

Notes: This is the day Beth called police 



Date: October 4, 2021

Event: Beth getting restraining order.

Link: https://youtu.be/Msg5z8CFuD8?si=_3N2lyGfcXGLf6zI

Notes: this is audio from one Beth went to get the restraining order after calling police and lying about my elbowing her in the face.




October 14, 2021 restraining order audio that I posted on YouTube shows Beth lying or you can hear Beth lying saying that my father said she could have our apartment and I wasn’t allowed back to the house

https://youtu.be/iiaYXPwptbM?si=x7f1WiNlEh6x2FA4





















2021 I encouraged Beth to get back in touch with her daughter and reconnect. Part of that was taking her son and daughter to purgatory camWhich was a big rock place is a big rock place near where his Group home was Beth’s mother and stepfather met her and her daughter their and surprised them, they knew their was lack of communication in the fsmily, but didn’t use positive encouragement to solve issues. They were much older, Beth is also 6 years older than I am, so they’re  elderly, they all had a great time. Beth’s autistic son also encouraged his younger sister to climb a steep rock that day and it was documented on video, showing that autistic people have feeling and can encourage others too. He told his sister come on you can do it and he’s not a verbal kid. He doesn’t talk a lot. And not in coherent sentences like that, it was awesome.

Beth and I were talking about how she wanted me to deal with those bogus felonies on my record. the case I told you about,  where the commonwealth created and altered evidence in my case, all to cover up a driver without insurance, then they all acted stupid when I provided evidence of their crimes, then they took advantage of my fragile mental state, when I was in the psych ward, after trying to kill myself multiple times, due to medication intern and my hyperthyroidism and then they coerced me into pleading guilty. 


Beth wanted me to be co-guardian of her son Stephen. I helped her in ways no one ever had before. 
Dealing with the commonwealth was overwhelming for Beth. You should know, everyone that works for the commonwealth seems to be stupid or totally corrupt.
She had nightmares, every night from the day I met her, because of the all abuse the commonwealth allowed to happen to her son before our meeting and the nonsense they continued forcing her to endure after I began seeing her. The commonwealth representatives lied on so many occasions, people who took reports from both Beth and I, altered our reports and left out vital information regarding the safety and well-being of her son Stephen. All to cover up this abuse and there’s pictures to prove it all. 

Beth and I were both seeing therapists when we met and for some time after. 
I spoke with my therapists about all the abuse Beth and her son endured. I know there’s a record about how Beth was struggling to deal with it all. 
I spoke to my therapist about how all the abuse and tampering with evidence and failure of state employees to simply do their jobs, was causing me to lose sleep and worry about her son as well.  

There’s also the emails, I don’t know how mine got deleted, there are all the emails that I wrote and sent out on Beth  and Stephens behalf.
Stephen received a settlement from one the incidents he was abused, even though it wasn’t thoroughly investigated. Beth kept track of all the hours and time I spent helping her son, in order to pay me for my time. Beth was also supposed to reimburse me for using and not taking care of my car. This was part of the conversation the day I left, the settlement Stephen received had stipulations and made it hard to spend on anything that could help him or truly benefit him in any realistic/meaningful way.

Along with any mental health information, Beth had a list of physical issues she was dealing with at this time of this alleged incident.
She had a leg issue, that gave her back and neck pain. Rashes all over her body, I have pictures of some of these rashes and reactions. These are all things she spoke to my family about constantly. 

I explained to you how sick I was and why I ran off that morning.
Beth was in total shock, she had no idea why I completely changed and told her I wasn’t happy and couldn’t take it all anymore. 


 Yes—you’ve already shared a comprehensive timeline of Beth’s son and your involvement in multiple group homes and psych ward visits, including:



.
KDC and Amigo homes:
You shared firsthand experiences of neglect—face injuries with no explanation, unsanitary conditions, missing documentation, FaceTime being misused, and abusive staff behavior like watching violent videos and misusing his Netflix account .
Relocations to Fall River and Southbridge were implied but not clearly time-stamped. You did describe Beth tracking miles on your car and covering expenses for your many visits to her son’s homes, which included multiple long drives both before and after the alleged assault .
Driving there weeks before the assault:
Confirmed—you wrote that Beth was pushing you to continue surprise visits to keep an eye on her son. You mentioned being overwhelmed but still showing up to help during unsafe or under-documented situations .










What’s Still Missing?





If there are specific details about:



exact dates of those trips (especially the one weeks before the incident)
any visit logs or messages confirming your trip to Southbridge or Fall River
the staff or agencies tied to those locations




…then those haven’t been laid out in full. But the core pattern, roles, travel, and emotional burden? It’s already documented in detail.



Want me to help turn all of this into a single clean timeline post for your blog or evidence archive? I can pull the key points into a scrollable summary or structured affidavit. Just say the word.





october 29

 















I wasn't in my right mind when I first started writing this stuff I was still traumatized from being arrested and falsely accused of assaulting someone

I don’t understand why I was smart enough to write myself a couple emails to remember things, but I wasn’t smart enough enough to force my lawyer’s in the beginning to write emails.

Copy from b3 file

2021: when I moved back to my mother’s house, I brought my entire toy And I started going to the gym again with my nephew, even though I wasn’t feeling great. I was trying to stay as positive as possible..

 looking back, I now remember that she used to start these fights with us every time around my birthday. lol  Only problem is this time I wasn’t in my right mind and I didn’t talk her out of it. I went along with it.


As upset as I was about her lying about me assaulting her, I was very grateful for all the time I got to spend with my nephew, and I’m still grateful for it. This pic was taken 10-10-2021, I’m smiling under the mask and my scrawny little bicep that I’m trying to flex is blocking my nephew’s face. lol

10-25
I went to Riverbend because I wasn't feeling right after all of this and I thought that I might have been suffering from the symptoms of my thyroid disease again, plus my neck was killing me, and it was giving me migranes.
 I didn't think anything of this low TSH reading at the time, I didn't know that my thyroid could fluctuate so drastically and in such a short period of time.
When the resutls came back normal, I still felt like something was wrong, but I couldn't put my finger on it and I didn't feel like anyone else was interested in helping me figure it our either. 






I emailed myself this bunch of nonsense after Beth lied about me elbowing her. 

From: Ricky Stebbins (thestebbman@yahoo.com) To: thestebbman@yahoo.com Date: Monday, October 25, 2021 at 12:32 PM EDT 

I told her all the complaints my friends and family have about her. 

Everyone thinks she’s the laziest girlfriend I’ve ever had. 

She doesn’t have any friends. 

When she visits with me and someone asks her how’s she’s doing. 

She overwhelms them with all of her issues. 

She had a short leg and it’s hard to work. 

Her son was abused. 

Her mom used to choke and hit her as a kid. 

Her apartment was cleaner when she didn’t have a job. 

She tells everyone she has depression, anxiety, ptsd, Arthritis, allergies to everything, 

She’s told everyone that birth control makes her angry and she didn’t feel like herself. 

She’s never apologized to me for anything. It’s always my fault 

Then it’s embarrassing for when when people ask me what’s she’s doing to get help and I have to tell them she stopped seeking help. And that she doesn’t document all of her issues. Yet she’s always on her phone. 

I told her that I’m not happy. My neck always hurts, she never helps me at all. She always claims her hands hurt and she’s tired. Which I understand, but that still doesn’t help me at all. I’m just stuck with no one by my side. It’s always about her and what she wants. 

Yet when I’m around she tells everyone about how I always help her with her son and I clean up around the house and fold laundry she never puts away. I take care of brushing the dogs teeth.

I told her that I think she’s happy she had a disabled son, cause she never wants to work. She sent her son to a group home cause she wanted to play video games and didn’t remove him when there was signs of abuse. I had to talk her into taking her son out, she always said she didn’t want him to act out and was afraid of him

If I’m such a monster and there was a history of abuse. Why hasn’t she ever looked for an apartment or a full time job? Why does she think she’s going to live next to my father at a discounted rent?

This isn’t even the first time Beth has brought up calling the police. Many times Beth has followed me around the house and said- go ahead hit me, then I’ll call the police. And she would keep going until she got it out of her system. She’s admitted in front of my family that when I try to walk away from her, when I feel that she’s getting over aggressive, she refuses to give me space. She would follow me around the house and into our bedroom. I talked to my therapists about her behavior and this was years ago. I’ve continuously told her that she has no right to prevent me from walking away from her hostile behavior.

 That morning she came out onto the porch and we talked for a couple minutes. I be told her multiple times that my body didn’t feel good and my neck hurt. Beth began getting upset when I informed her that my father told me he doesn’t want anymore cars in the driveway. Beth said she was going to speak with him and I told her it didn’t make any sense to start trouble over something that isn’t going to happen anytime soon. I didn’t have money for a car and her daughter didn’t even have her permit. Beth then brought up Olivia’s boyfriend sleeping over. I told her we will have to see. That this is my fathers house and we already agreed to live by his rules. He already spoke to me about raising the rent because of water and taxes. Beth started getting upset saying- we pay rent and can do whatever we want. > I told her my neck is still really bothering me and I need a break. Then she started saying that I always do this on her days off. I told her that I’m not mad at all, I’m just not happy. She kept saying that I’m mad. I tried explaining that I just spent the last week getting this apartment rearranged and cleaned, so that her daughter could move in. I never complained or tried to talk her out of it. She said her daughter needed a place to stay and I made it happen. Beth barely helped at all. And she wouldn’t even give me a half hour to wake up. I told her I think she’s selfish and unappreciative. Beth told me no one else thinks that. I told her she’s lying to herself. Beth then said- then tell me what people think.

 Beth followed me around the house and kept saying that if I’m so unhappy I should hit her. She blocked the middle bedroom door and told me to touch her and she’ll call the police. When she finally moved out of the way, we went downstairs and she grabbed my backpack and refused to let me take it with me. I never tried to yank it from her. Though she kept trying to get me to, egging me on. I kept telling her she can’t trap me here. She grabbed the headphones I had hanging prevented me from taking those as well

“ it’s 2025 and I thought I’d share my thoughts on this email I sent myself. I feel like such a pathetic loser and I feel like I was lying to myself in this email. 

When I told her all the complaints of my friends and tell me about, it was a joke because they’re idiots, people would complain about serious problems when Beth would talk about it because they didn’t understand what she was talking about.

I feel like this is a totally different person writing this email. I literally wrote about how I ignored her having a mental breakdown and walked out on her.  I’ve given this woman my word that I would never walk out on her when she wanted to talk about something she was having a panic attack. And I literally wrote myself a note about it. 

And I love brushing the dogs teeth, I snuggle with Harley for like 10 minutes before I brush your teeth every night, it became the favorite part of my day and here I am whining about it like a little baby.“

 I wrote this to myself in a Facebook post on November 7, 2021 after hearing my brother tell me what a loser I was and a disappointment I've been all my life. My brother gave me crap because I started going to the gym and I posted pictures because I went on a hike with my nephew. he thinks disabled people need to be fat and look like turds.

“With things being so hectic, I just want to say again how very much I appreciate everyone who’s helped me with these unexpected moves and those who stood by my side this past month. I am beyond grateful and know I couldn’t have done all of this on my own. 



This whole experience has turned out to be so positive and I honestly didn’t think that was even possible, I would’ve bet it was going to be a nightmare. Even a few of the conversations I’ve had with certain people started off sounding like it was going to end on a sour note, but I am so happy to admit that I was wrong. Brutally honest,  just say it how it appears comments were exactly what we needed to bring us closer together. I really listened to all of the things everyone had to say and I admit that some of it was spot on, while others were not. I don’t hold these misconceptions against anyone. There are times I still can’t accept that there are things in my life that I can’t change or that I can’t fix everything and need to let things go or step back and admit that I don’t have what it takes anymore. 



I’d be lost without those close to me and as much as I hate to admit it, I can’t make it on my own with my physical issues. I can’t change my situation, but everyone helped change my attitude about it and for that, I will forever be grateful. 

I have the greatest friends and family a guy could ask for.  I love you all very much and because of all of you, I feel better both physically and mentally  than I have in a long time.” 

What I learned from this is that people love to tell you all the mistakes that they see you make, but never have anything positive to say or offer any ideas on how to realistically improve anything. And people are too ignorant to even investigate why problems are occurring. They just like to mock people who are having problems. ~Ricky 5-2025~



In November I started playing with sparklers and the shutter speed on my camera in the backyard I did this around the 26th







December

This picture below is the last time I went to a family party, I believe this is Christmas Eve, I felt like shit I was still trying my hardest to have a good time, I felt so depressed and beaten down, but I got my nephew Dom to sing some karaoke  "Ricky Astley's- Never going to give you up". lol
24th? lol





Aimee asked me to install lights in her little princess castle and wanted to take a picture of me wearing one of her favorite shirts so I agreed



Snowman Mortimer 12-25 
What a Christmas. lol Before mother, bob, my brother and his family came over this morning, I slipped and fell down the stairs and bruised my rearend, this was right before I made this snowman in the picture below.  
I had my heart set on making him, it hurt like hell, but I made him anyway.  lol I didn't want the way I felt to get in the way of making happy memories, plus I thought maybe one of the kids would tackle it or just enjoy seeing it.


Took this picture December 26th I didn't think this guy was going to make it, it warmed up pretty fast



Took this picture of Mortimer New Year's Eve December 31st he made it even though where the weather was warm






🗓 March 1 – Shoulder surgery

🗓 August – Sue’s son visit, Harley incident

🗓 October 4 – Beth’s 911 call + restraining order

🗓 Oct 10 – Gym pic with nephew

🗓 Nov 7 – Facebook reflection

🗓 Late Nov – Sparklers photography

🗓 Dec 25 – Mortimer the Snowman

🗓 Dec 31 – Mortimer survives!

1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 

Medications for the year.








