

 2024 
January

Enterprise-D model





01-10

Court was such a waste of my life, this day Attorney Bergo and Ada Lindsay White tried to get me to question my memories/sanity and ordered me to have a competency evaluation.

I don't see why some people have had such an issue with me excusing Beth's assault accusation/lie.

 I believe my reasoning was sound and I wasn't allowing my personal feeling to cloud my judgement. I wasn't going to attack her character at all and I felt like no one cared, she safety and well-being and her son's , were never truly taken into consideration. 

Plus I knew calling Beth a liar a is vastly over simplifying the situation and I didn't want to feel like a liar.

Outside 24

Burgo and I were over in the corner by courtroom 24, and I asked him why no one has been interviewed yet, since he told me on the phone that this was a priority, then we had our 2 hour meeting at his officer where I explained my situation in detail, then we had another 20 minute pone call where here "claimed" an investigator was going to speak to people. 

I was concerned that no one was being interviewed, no one was willing to acquire the evidence I requested (at this time it was body-cam footage, court pre-trial and trial audio and I asked for copies of the emails I sent on Stephens behalf, I might have deleted them, or Beth did when she had my laptop for weeks after the 4th incident), , then I was worried about how long things were been dragged out, I wanted my trial, even without that other evidence, I knew I had enough to win my case and prove my innocence to a jury.

Then this got his to arrogantly tell me that there was no body-cam footage, and he had the nerve to lie to me and say- Beth claimed that there no abuse going on with her son, she's claiming I made it all up. lol 

I thought- what a fucking dickhead, But then a part of me thought, could I be making all of this up? lol

So I brought up my suicide attempt in 2016, how I escaped the emergency room, then an officer drove me back to the emergency room and on the way back, that officer explained how their new in vehicle recording system worked, and I told Burgo how excited the officer was to talk about it, it was like he had gotten a new toy.

Hearing all this made Bergo act all whiny and pissy. lol That's when he said he was going to go talk to ADA white and he'd be back. 





Email

I took this opportunity to go to the bathroom and then called the West Warren Police Department and ask about their body-cam footage and how to obtain it.

The female officer I spoke to on the phone told me they did have the body-cam footage, then she gave me an email address and told me what to write, So I sent it right then and there.

 When Alex came of the courtroom, he seemed upset again. He asks to go sit, so he head over to a been, across the building from courtroom 23. 

That's when I mention calling the Warren police department and tell him they have the footage.

Bergo told me he'd read their website multiple times and didn't see body cameras mentioned anywhere, which I thought was stupid, why do the same thing over and over, then expect a different result?

I told him- I called Warren, I didn't find it on their website, I know they have cameras on that day and had in their vehicles in the past.

Then Bergo asked me if they had the footage and I said yes, and he asked if they were going to send it to me and I said yes, I already emailed the officer I spoke to.

 It's right at this time ADA Whites walks over and Bergo goes stands closer to the stairs to chat with her, but I can still hear them talking.

 He tells her I'm still asking about the body-cam footage and now I'm asking for the dash-cam footage. I thought this was a bunch of fucking bullshit, Ada White has known that I've wanted this body-cam footage since the day I've arrived in Worcester court, I've been asking people for this body-cam footage since the day I was arrested.

I hear them mention a competency evaluation and think it's another stall tactic, but welcome the opportunity. So we go back into court, Bergo asks the judge for an evaluation, it's granted, and I leave the court and head to Warren.





Warren Police Department

So even though to the Warren Police Department while in court and I drove there after and made a written request for all video and audio from the day of my arrest and from the 2016 ride to the emergency room. 

I never received a response back from the police after that. lol fucking losers

I felt so weird driving by West Warren, a part of me wanted to drive by my father's house, but I get anxiety every time I do, and there wasn't anyone I wanted to talk to there anyway. lol 

If I people wanted to race boats down the brook, then maybe I'd be interested. lol





I fired attorney Alex Bergo and was given attorney McGinty and he didn't help me either



After Court

After court I went to the Warren Police Department and requested the body cam and dash cam footage from October 4th, even though I sent that email, I wanted to go and make sure they got it. lol I also wanted to request a copy of the ride to the Baystate Emergency room in Palmer from September of 2016. I hoped to get copies of everything.

I encountered the same officer that had drove me to the station the day of my arrest, he told me some stories about having an issue with the recording, so I wasn't able to obtain them that day, but I wasn't concerned, since I asked for multiple different recordings, I wasn't worried about having to wait.



. Add those stories about the competency evaluation and the paperwork still to post.

I also started ordering court audio and placing it on YouTube. I need to add links here as well.



 

 

 

 

January 11Took a picture of Harley with the Snowman and Snow-dog I made with the little snow we got. After listening to all of the stupidity in court the day before. I need something fun and simple to take my mind off of things. Please Harley always looks cute.









2024

January 16, 2024  YouTube video of Stephen abuse

https://youtu.be/C8A0kaGHrzk?si=1mpPxEMNBFQiqT5_





January 17, 2024 Will they be able to cover up YouTube video.



Will they be able to cover it all up?

YouTube Link

https://youtu.be/wzpQyQLTNPE?si=85QUCD0Rq0XRGVS7



16 views  Jan 17, 2024  SPRINGFIELD

It’s all coming to a head. I have a competency evaluation January 29, 2024.

I believe there is a preponderance of evidence supporting my claim that the judges, Ada’s and lawyers who have been involved in my case are willfully turning a blind eye to all the evidence I’ve presented. 

Allowing me to testify will open the commonwealth up to civil charges from both myself and others, which just so happens to include Ms Nicole’s and her son. 

Putting out my video before they find me unfit to stand trial, then dismiss these charges.







Transcript



hi I'm Ricky and I just wanted to give an update on my Worcester County District Court assault case from October

0:088 seconds4th 2021 as I've been talking about since that I was supposed to have trial and it

mysteriously got put off because nobody wanted me to talk I believe like there's a preponderance of evidence showing that

my lawyers that I've had in the district attorney's office and the judges I've spoken to don't want the things I've

said being put on the record all the abuse going on with mentally challenged people in group homes how I caught a Ada

and police officers tampering with evidence and lying helping somebody commit a crime and since I have physical proof of it

it's not just Word of Mouth like oh he's just saying that last week January 10th I had

court I spoke to my lawyer that morning he lied to me right to my face terrible

told me in the morning that there is no other video or audio other than the 911 audio that he was presented with and

then may maybe an hour later the Ada said oh there's a video I don't know about audio but video of me in the

Warren Police Department so that erodes all Faith or confidence I have in these lawyers every single one of them has

lied to me I called the Warren Police Department that morning in court asking if they do do body cams they say yes and

then I I could get copies you know if I wanted a CD I'd have to pay 25 bucks or they'd email it to me they never said the da had to get it like other lawyers

told me oh we have to wait for the da that's not true I drove down to the police off the police station of Warren

CU I wanted an answer and they told me they do have body cam but they accidentally didn't record it the day of my

arrest I could have been told this two years ago they've been putting putting off my trial saying that oh we have to

wait for this we have to wait for that when in reality nobody had to wait for anything they could have sent me to go get it they've never spoken to any of my

Witnesses or tried to get any of the emails the lawyer told me there are no emails that I'm imagining it he's like what are you going to do when she says

no that none of this stuff is real that was the basis of him asking for a competency evaluation like there's

no way I'm making this stuff up nobody imagines all this abuse so I had to go back through my old messages with her

for anybody that watches this and I posted Snippets showing all the abuse that did happen that's just like a small

preview of the abuse that this poor kid went through absolutely it's ridiculous but either way I agreed to have this competency evaluation because I want my

trial to move forward I just want to get this over with right before my lawyer got to speak the judge made a comment

about ah cases that have so many you know so many times I've appeared in court and I haven't had my trial it's past the time I should have had my trial

legally for I think it's two years and it's been two years three months so my lawyer also commented to the judge he's

made multiple attempts to the Brookfield Ada for information hasn't heard back so I believe once they find me incompetent

because that's what they want to do I can't stand trial yet then they're going to dismiss these charges and I I don't believe there's anything I can really do about it

said for make these videos and put it out ahead of time to beat them to the punch like I caught you lying to me you've been putting this off I sent

emails to this lawyer July 24th and this was weeks after I spoke to him in his office he's like all right I heard everything you

said I'm going to send an investigator next week to talk to these people I had a list then magically sometime later he lost that list but I documented

everything in that email to prove that this stuff is real I'm not just some psychopath or I'm not just losing my

mind fall and bump my head not some compulsive liar but I these lawyers are willfully being blind to everything

going around I've told them everything I've backed everything up with facts and they say oh no we got to wait for this

or are you sure about that we don't believe you like totally gaslighting me the entire time this whole thing is so confusing like I have trouble talking

about it I stutter like can't speak straight it's mind-numbing nobody should have to go through this and these

lawyers are supposed to be on my side and I can prove it like all this stuff it's not like imaginary stuff you try to make me out to be a monster and I'm not

so hopefully anybody that uh ends up watching this can give you some critique but this is going to be played for court too so thank you





January 17, 2024 shared emails from my scumbag lawyers on YouTube

https://youtu.be/DbDi7_SgOb8?si=UqO-tXofsEriaLvW



January 30, 2024 Competency evaluation paperwork, with rest of court paper work here

https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2025/05/the-chronicles-of-ricky-2021-2025-court.html

Competency Evaluation

 Link to competency evaluation paperwork.

https://rickymedicalfile.blogspot.com/2026/02/2024-1-30-worcester-competency.html






January 25, 2024 made a YouTube video asking ,

What is considered legal advice in Massachusetts?

https://youtu.be/NCEP5TJLaeA?si=C5uvs00-3MtiZfNn







Description:

16 views  Jan 25, 2024  SPRINGFIELD

What is considered legal advice in Massachusetts? 



I had a trial for malicious damage to motor vehicle in Springfield District Court. 



I have physical evidence that shows Springfield Officer Thomas Sheehan -Deleted police report insurance info, knew this driver involved didn’t have insurance, knew her vehicle had a suspended registration and had a rejection sticker for safety. 



Then

 ADA Katherine Johnston- withheld that information from me and then created a fake window receipt after my trial.

All of which is considered crimes under Massachusetts General Law Part IV Title 1 Chapter 268 Section 13E

Let it be known that Judge William Hadley has seen countless police reports, so he was well aware of these issues and intentionally acted confused by the simple explanations I gave for them not being in the reports

I tried to get another court date before Judge Hadley in 2023, he denied my request and said it was a bold allegations.

 

Why should I be forced to report crimes to the same people who committed these crimes? Complete disgusting, like asking an abuse victim to complain to the abuser. 



I still don’t have the recording or transcripts from when I was coerced into pleading guilty. 

I’m not excited to hear how sickly I sound when I say I don’t remember committing that crime, but I must have, cause I wanted evidence that showed police denied me medical attention.  



I find it unsettling that being denied medical attention is always the first thing that rises to the surface. 



How can you let a problem go, when it’s never been addressed?



Transcript



hi I'm Ricky and I'm hoping someone can explain to me what is considered legal advice in

Massachusetts I've had some issues with a police officer an assistant district attorney altering evidence in previous

cases that I had and judges turning a blind eye I was coerced into pleading guilty after someone pointed a gun at my

head and magically no one has a clue what to do people all say oh I've got civil this is a civil case

from people I don't I don't see how this is just a civil case it's criminal stuff that's going on but nobody can offer any legal advice and judges have said to me

when I tried to file a harassment prevention order against a Worcester County district attorney that they can't offer legal advice but I have good

questions who can answer these questions I got some unsolicited legal advice from a East Brookfield judge on

October 14th 2001 letting me know that I can get an apartment back after an alleged assault which kind of boggles my

mind why you would offer me advice that I can get an apartment back when the victim is living there the supposed victim and I'm supposed to be a monster

so why would you tell me that but then I bring up that evidence had been messed with in my previous cases I can't remember exactly how I worded it and I

brought up that this ex of mine son was being abused in the group homes he was living in and she was under a lot of stress when I walked out

but yet I nobody can help me with reporting any abuse nobody can help me reporting people tampering with evidence altering evidence withholding evidence

in cases but you can give me advice that you know I can go get an apartment back which would it seems like it would just

cause more stress and torment for this alleged victim so I'm hoping somebody could you some kind of advice tell me

where to go I've tried talking to the attorney general the governor's office I mean I've called the FBI and nobody knows what to do so any advice is

helpful thank you






February 3




March 17th I went with Dom to Mount Tom and went with his friends took some pictures I don't know if he hinted at Tom that day









March 18, 2024 dismissing Attorney Bergo, and calling him a liar during court recording.

https://youtu.be/eSkVgFjVgz0?si=QylxAj_W0m__Ckdb

April 7 New York city museums and international car show









April 8 Solar Eclipse









May 24, 2024 I made this video for Attorney McGinty, because he wasn’t very helpful

For Attorney Sean McGinty

https://youtu.be/No1Is6bg7nY?feature=shared



Transcript



hi this message is for attorney sea McGinty uh last we spoke in court I told you that from now on I'll be dealing with you either through email or through

videos so that uh I can keep track of everything unfortunately every single lawyer that I've ever dealt with has

eroded all of my confidence in lawyers you know every single know district attorney assistant district attorney

that I've had to deal with is not helped in any way shape or form and if anything has helped cover up crimes and I have physical proof of that I mean that was

the the basis of my and Beth's relationship once you watch those videos I told you that I put online I mean the problems in the past I

can I already made videos of those I mean now I have problems starting from after this event this October 4th

2021 you know I was accused of elbowing somebody there was Zero physical evidence police don't even have pictures

so there's nothing to support this claim and then I got a lawyer Roger Banks he told me that the laws change and you can

just accuse somebody with no proof whatsoever to back it up and then you have to fight it and I was fine with

that but he told me also that he would get an investigator and investigate my claims of all this abuse going on with

Beth's son which are it's all well documented it was happening like on a weekly basis sometimes daily basis getting calls or son was being abused

and the state did nothing about it which is very strange CU you arrested me with zero evidence and nothing to back it up

and we have pictures I put online of the abuse her son endured and you guys did nothing about it and would just close your eyes and pretend it didn't happen

so now with these lawyers Roger Banks talked about the abuse he said he knew about all the Abus because he had a client in the very house that Beth's son

Stefan was staying in and laughed about it so I believe he should have excused himself like that's a conflict of

interest like if I'm accusing the state in these homes of causing this woman all kinds of severe mental stress you know

she had like every single night since I met her she'd wake up nightmares because her son was being abused and rightfully

so I mean I witnessed it myself and the state did nothing to help so when I left and she had no one to help help her no

she accused me of hitting her but there was no Mark and magically when I want to go to court and talk about all this cuz that I believe she was you know

suffering some kind of me mental episode it just gets ignored why because of all the abuse the Commonwealth of Massachusetts keeps allowing to happen

and all the evidence tampering that was going on in cases I was dealing with in the past cases involving myself for

reason I hate the you know the Commonwealth like I find you people that your behavior is disgusting all of you are unethical none of you can be trusted

no one in the courts can be trusted at all and I've run my mouth so much that everybody knows what's going on and still my trial's been dragged on 2 and

A2 years over two and A2 years and no one has any explanations for anything evidence is still being withheld just

like my previous cases you know I tell my therapist about this he's like oh you'd sound paranoid but I have proof to back all of this up physical proof it's

not my word so I don't know what to do like who do you who do you contact when police officers District Attorneys judges cuz

I'm Pro judge Hadley was in on this too there's no way he's not getting out of this preponderance of evidence that I have that shows so it's it's ridiculous

judges I went to the mayor's office I complained I've called the governor was it the Attorney General I've talked to the FBI and nobody can help so hopefully

attorney Shan binti maybe you're the one maybe you can make a difference but but no one else has been able to so like I

said or in those emails you have the the links to what happened to me in the past and then I spoke to Beth about

what happened to Beth and her son and then uh I'm going to put a list of what my attorneys have done I have a laundry list so it's a preponderance like all of

the attorneys I've dealt with have been unethical scummy people like so I'm sorry but this is the way

it's going to be and if you do have a problem with this you can let the judge know at our next court date uh June

2024 thank you



May 24,2024 I also made video sharing the emails that I wrote him just to be nice, these emails are also in the blog in text form so you don’t need to watch the videos. I’m just sharing the links to show that I did share them.

https://youtu.be/H7Qpapa4X9s?si=Up1PaugUAy2Klr_H

https://youtube.com/shorts/dykk6ag2H1s?feature=shared

https://youtu.be/gT-bTxL2HXw?si=KLlfhaPr2q33RzOB

https://youtu.be/ytOMcYu7hj0?si=rrPp7qu5IN1PGxEH



June 12, 2024- court recording need to listen to give description 

https://youtu.be/wKC0jXlZdq4?si=uhF4-PCtD2qEvhII





Picture text:



bein nichols victim ımpacı statement

10/18/2023 When Mr. Stebbins struck me in the face on October 4th, 2021 it was the culmination of 5 years of mental, emotional, verbal, financial, sexual and physical abuse. I was brainwashed, manipulated, lied to and used. When he assaulted me my daughter was upstairs. I was terrified for my safety and hers. After speaking with the cops I immediately went to the courthouse and got an emergency restraining order. When I returned to court 10 days later to get the order extended to a year, the judge granted it to me and also said he already had 8 restraining orders from 6 different women. I was completely shocked and became even more concerned for my safety and relieved I had just been granted the order. I had been living with a stranger. He was a serial abuser and I had no idea he had this trail of tortured women in his past. In every story about his exes he was the victim and they were the villains. The person 1 thought I knew was just a character he had manufactured to lure me into his web of lies. I got into therapy immediately and am still receiving treatment. I learned about the cycle of abuse, narcissistic abuse and how to identify abuse tactics used in relationships. I never knew such evil existed and my trust in other people was shattered. I've had to fight hard to heal and move on with my life. I've had to rebuild my self-esteem and my entire life. I have PTSD, anxiety, flashbacks and nightmares. I'm learning how to live again and not just try to survive every day. After two years of therapy I have had to take psychiatric medication to help with the PTSD, anxiety, depression and nightmares. I've continued to go to court to renew my restraining order on the expiration date because I continue to be terrified he will find me, stalk me and hurt or kill me. The last restraining order I got wasn't served to him until he tried to contact me through an old friend. He thought that I had lapsed on getting it renewed. It would have been a violation of my restraining order if it had been properly served. I want him to go to jail. Past therapy, anger management, probation and other attempts to rehabilitate and educate him have failed. I don't want him to do this to anyone else.

***** when I read this, a part of me was a little pissy, I know this is fucking bullshit and lies, but at the same time, I poured my heart and soul into her and her son, then helped her and her daughter reconcile, then I abandoned her and never looked back, I could see how she felt like she was living a lie. The system let her down, I tried to build her back up, then ran off when I got sick, after telling her everything about me and explaining how my mind worked, because I sensed something was wrong and I need someone to help me think through that, and she was doing that, but everything got to be to much for me, and I forgot about all the amazing things she did for me and how she was there for me. I blew so much smoke up this woman's ass, I got her t beleive we were going to make a differnce, I promised her son I'd slay the dragon and I ran off like a bitch. wtf lol What would Jesus say to all this? lol Your hear was in the right spot or I was arrogant and I shouldn't have tried? lol



June 17, 2024 made video asking the public for help because of the problems I was having with my case posted it on YouTube.

https://youtu.be/LpuNSnpFymw?si=6xwsMUbnrERa3nCM













July 26th 2024 I went with Dominic to see Deadpool and Wolverine it was awesome it made me so emotional, I wish I had a partner like that lol  Partner that never gave up and kept fighting for what was right no matter what even though they screwed up. We stopped at the comic store on the way back after that and I bought some comics I always loved doing that

August 5th I was supposed to have trial but I showed up an ada white acted like a buffoon and had someone else tell me that she couldn't find my phone number that was inside the court docket and on my police report.  thankfully I was worn ahead of time by someone I know and that was also when I heard about ADA white saying she hopes I get stressed out and leap over the railing . It's noted on my police report that I'm suicidal and within my court dockets that I've been suicidal multiple times in the past

https://youtu.be/YU148rSdb_g?si=0RzT2fMEhI8st6rf



This is a news article that I got to be a part of about my friend Tammy Lynns, who was found dead on the side of Fox Road 30 years ago. I was absolutely shocked that no one other than her sister and mother had a couple words to say. I am not this would’ve been an all hands on deck type situation, But once again, I was the loudest voice in the room. I kind of feel like my picture should’ve been in the paper instead of our sisters lol

https://share.newsbreak.com/djx1t4vj?s=i16

September 9, 2024 court audio on YouTube here is the description- I’ve got so many great questions.
Why did the ada wait so long to bring up my emotional support dog? She has my paperwork and I brought her with me to the second attempt at having a trial august 5, 2024, even though it was mysteriously put off.
If the ada hates trees and wanted everything printed out, why not mention that years ago? Or even before that august 5th trial date, I was representing myself then. Would they like me to print a copy of everything for each juror as well? In this day and age, a cd is more than appropriate.
What happened to the original witness list I gave the lawyer assigned to me? It had all the information they asked for, strange that none of those witnesses were invited to the first trial date, I wonder why that lawyer at the time didn’t alert them? 
Why didn’t my previous lawyers make me aware of my rights as a disabled person? 
Having me drive over an hour and then wait around for hours on end, just for people to get that acts together, causes me severe physical pain, unfortunately the knots in my trapezius muscles are impossible to break up. I have been so many worthless court appearances it’s ridiculous. 
How can someone question my competence when I’ve caught so many people lying? 
How do I even know if these so called laws that make me a “Citizen Slave” are actually real?
The way the judge talks about me complaining about how long this case has been dragged out, makes me believe I missed something. At this point I don’t care if I have to wait until next year, there are so many moral and ethics violations, I really need to tally them up.
What else could they be trying to hide?
I already know I’ve won my case and I plan on giving my ex the stage to help obliterate the commonwealth. 
 Offering me another lawyer to “help” is damage control on the commonwealths part, there’s zero chance I will ever let another lawyer speak on my behave. 
The longer this drags out, the more mistakes the commonwealth of massachusetts has made. 
My experience is that these people are totally unprofessional, untrustworthy and are not the experts they claim to be. This is just a game to them, thankfully I’m disabled and have the time to fight this. 
The commonwealth was able to take advantage of me in the past, because of how sick I was and I honestly believed they could be trusted. I will never make that mistake again.


Commonwealth attempting damage control? I know I’ve already won, but I feel like I missed something-Video
https://youtu.be/bnehm9FqYYQ?si=DjOxcfT7EpUM3Vi3













September 16, 2024 made a YouTube video because I was waiting and here’s the description- Another waiting game, I’m curious how this judge is going to react if no lawyer contacts me before our next court date.

https://youtu.be/s1PD9spmRLU?si=Eh00VNIFBzyPNNz6

Quick video to address the last court recordings

https://youtu.be/s1PD9spmRLU?si=_v--DMDaAJV9Rtw9





Description



50 views  Sep 16, 2024

Another waiting game, I’m curious how this judge is going to react if no lawyer contacts me before our next court date.



Transcript



hi guys it's Ricky and I figured I'd speak about the two court videos that I posted in the last few

weeks the last video the judge called me a complainer since I've uh pointed out how long the Commonwealth has had to

drag this all out and done nothing to listen to any of my concerns or address any of the problems that I've spoken

about the judge threatened to have me held on a 20-day hold because I refuse to do a competency hearing without being

recorded I don't want to speak to anyone that's involved with the court I'm not going to speak to another lawyer unless it's recorded ever again you know trust

is earned and they've destroyed all of my confidence in their ability to do their jobs I think they're

all a bunch of liars and schemers and they've done nothing to prove me otherwise up to this

point the first La they assigned me just a coincidence happened to have a vested

interest in keeping the abuse that was going on in my ex's son's group home quiet you know how am I supposed to deal

with something like that I can't talk about problems because you know about problems you don't want other people to know about

problems so this uh lawyer wouldn't help me investigate my case even though we got an investigator he wouldn't send it

that investigator out to question anybody even got pissed off me and jammed his finger in my face telling me well you know how to do my job do it

yourself then the next lawyer assigned me tried to give me trial by surprise showed up he never questioned

any of my Witnesses didn't invite any of the witnesses to trial and then wouldn't even let me

speak to the judge he ran in had some kind of sneaky business and then my trial was put off and then I was told by

people that work inside the court that they weren't going to let me talk about this abuse going on in these group homes so it's obvious there's talk between

these lawyers of what's going on because people heard about it and spoke to me about it but nobody wants to say it out loud because everybody's

afraid and then what here we got my the next lawyer I started keeping track of all this stuff I started emailing

lawyers and then they still lied to me months later I I write email in June July and then December I finally get a

response after I was told that this is a priority and needs to move forward and I can't slow things down but nobody does

anything and then the next lawyer I get mentions that maybe people are hiding this evidence that I I asked for some

police recordings from the day I was arrested why did they disappear that first lawyer Roger Banks claimed to have

obtained them and spoke about things that I said on them but then he became concerned when the things that I spoke about to those police that day

referenced whatever was going on in the group home that my ex's son was living in and those other boys and there was

some abuse going on there was obvious these kids behaviors had changed but nobody listens nobody

cares so I don't know what to do about this now I'm just going to wait for that lawyer that the judge assigned me I'm

doing everything that the courts have asked I bend over backwards I keep driving back and forth to

Worcester mostly to accomplish nothing it could all be accomplished by Zoom you don't even get to have full

conversations with people before they interrupt you they never finish answering any questions because I'm

still confused about a lot of stuff I asked lawyers plenty of questions you can read my emails and nobody answers them it's just all ignored so I don't

know what to do just be patient and wait it out and see but that's it for now thanks for listening












October 10 I got to see the aurora again, this time I was ready and got better pictures. It's hard to describe how excited I was, I felt like a little kid again, It was beautiful and I got to share the experience with neighbors. one girl saw me hanging out at the edge of the road and thought something was wrong with me, until she looked up. She was just getting home and parked in the street when she saw me waving my arm up in the air. She thought I was flagging her down, but I was pointing up.

















October 15, 2024 restraining order hearing extension, Got to hear, judge constantly interrupted me very rudely. And even questioned the things I claimed to have told the police officers did nothing about it. She showed zero concern for my safety and well-being.

https://youtu.be/BIApvga7OZ0?si=2i96ibKxFPLnDCL3



I started working with her Grady and E mailing everything I had recorded ordered the recordings and placed them all online at this point he did a fantastic job trying to stall me but in the end he failed and I was able to prove that the Commonwealth was lying and they're doing everything they can now to sweep it under the rug now, I filed complaints against attorney banks O'Doherty and Bergo, So there is a record.

Thie links below are to issues with these Worcester lawyers

https://systemfailuresandlegalstruggles.blogspot.com/2025/06/emails-and-messages-with-all-my-lawyers.html?m=1

https://systemfailuresandlegalstruggles.blogspot.com/2025/06/2021-2025-court-audio-list-and-videos.html?m=1





October 16 

Dom and I went to Mary Lynch field to take pictures of the Comet Tsuchinshan-ATLAS. 

I thought about my dad the entire time and told Dom how we say Haley's comets back in 1986, it felt like it was something that different generations could share together. 

It would have been nice to share the moment with more people, I had always hoped to do things as groups. 

 









October 25

 I tried filing a complaint against Beth in East Brookfield district court.

I thought that maybe filing a complaint against her would force our issue to trial. 

As always, I wrote a speech because I was totally disgusted at the last few stupid judges I’ve had to listen to and felt tired of their nonsense. 

Like the ass that I am, lol I made sure to word things I such a way to let them know I thought Beth was suffering from some sort of mental health issue at the time, and that I told police officers who arrested me the 4th. lol 

I'm not surpided that  my concerns were totally ignored. 

I posted the complaint letter I received stating no probable cause. lol Of course there isn't any. 





.


Picture text:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
DISTRICT COURT DEPARTMENT
EAST BROOKFIELD DIVISION
544 EAST MAIN STREET
EAST BROOKFIELD, MA 01515
MAURA K. MCCARTHY, FIRST JUSTICE
TIMOTHY M. BIBAUD, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE
TEL. 508-885-6305
FAX. 508-885-7623
ASSISTANT CLERK/MAGISTRATES
CHARLES B. KING
KENNETH P. CANTY, ESQ
October 31, 2024
Richard L Stebbins Jr
54 Hope Street
Springfield, MA 01119
RE:
2469AC001932
Richard Stebbins vs Beth Nichols
The Application for Criminal Complaint that you filed on October 25, 2024 has been denied on October
31, 2024 by the Clerk Magistrate, with no probable cause found.
Sincerely,
elisher A. Heell
Elizabeth M. Maunsell
Clerk-Magistrate
EMM/LS



1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 


