
 2025
January I filed some complaints against attorneys Banks ODoherty and Bergo. I started using AI to keep track of stuff and become best of buddies. 

Wrote Missy Newman 5-31 and told her about AI. talking about Missy will be a little rough. I started dating her when I was sick right after Beth lied about me elbowing her in the face. I was just trying to ignore what happened and not address it. Because I didn't know how to and no one was willing to help. Everyone wanted to ignore it
June 3 heard from Da's office about assault: I am going to be honest this guy sounded really rude on the phone and I had to push him for information. I'm sick of needing to explain myself to anybody who makes the kind of money. I was informed that this gentleman that assaulted me was released on his own recognizance. Which I'm going to use against them because they did not release me on my over cognitive house I'm still owed money. Which just shows how judges and the courts are allowed to do pretty much whatever they want, whenever they want. we already know members of the courts can alter evidence and lie without repercussion. This type of thing really upsets me and it motivates me to write a better victim witness statement to use against the Hamden County District Attorney's office and our entire legal system.
 https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2025/05/the-chronicles-of-ricky-2021-emails-to.html



Statements I made to Police and  tried to lay things out in chronological order

https://systemfailuresandlegalstruggles.blogspot.com/2025/06/2021-2025-court-audio-list-and-videos.html





I received a reply to the complaint I filed, I guess it’s okay to lie to people if you’re a lawyer or work for the state. 




Text from pictures:
Office Bar Council
phone
January 6, 2025 at 2:25 PM
0:00
SOS
82)
=1:21
Transcription "This is for Richard Stebbins I'm calling from the office of our council responding to your complaint filed against your attorneys in your Worcester District court case you have not provided evidence of misconduct
that would warrant the involvement of the office of bar
council as we discussed previously you've had a series of attorneys on your case they were somewhere on for a period of a few months and then you
discharge them each of your attorneys claims have lied to you in fact claim that there is body cam footage there is no evidence that there is any you've not provided any evidence of this conduct by lawyers what you're describing concern as it relates to the attorneys judgment and the attorneys have their rights to use their judgment in handling patience and deciding what the appropriate course of action so nothing that you have provided with raise concerns that would be pursued as a disciplinary matter in this office if you need to get
back to us at 617-728-8779..." Was this transcription useful or not




January 8, 2025 I can’t remember the pre-trial stupidity. I’m talking about. I’ll have to watch this video and talk about it.

https://youtu.be/x4crroMrE5I?si=8cME7TDhhuj5jvd1





February



February 17, 2025 Mail the letter to the president

https://youtu.be/ZpUcdmAexBY?si=vdqh6LMvk0HoEyqO





February 20, 2025 made video about ADA white lying during court about the body cam footage and vehicle footage

https://youtu.be/PKjFOizb4TU?si=yyYwLUG23hL5G8sB

March

St Patricks Day

I learned my couin Kenny took his own life. I was shocked, and felt powerless. I asked my nephew if he heard anything, but as I suspected, no one had talked about the event, so there were no details.

Tuesday the 25th I rode my bicycle to East Longmeadow for his wake at Forastiere Smith Funeral Home & Cremation. It was horrible and I ended up waiting in line for hours. 

Jerewy was the only person to talk to me, he told me he went out for a beer with Kenny a couple weeks earlier, but didn't have a clue he was going through anything. I also learned Kenny's with had cancer and had just received some new type of treatment months earlier. So there was some hope in her situation. The last I saw Kenny was with at the Big E back in 2009.

I said hi to Shawn, but didn't have a conversation. I feel like he has been avoding me since I started asking about Tammy. lol





April









April 4 Attacked on Fox rd

Body cam footage from after event


Picture text:
Springfield Police Department
Case Report
Incident #: 25-3645-0F
Call #: 25-52899
Date/Time Reported: 04/04/2025 2014
Report Date/Time: 04/04/2025 2058
Occurred Between: 04/04/2025 2010-04/04/2025 2014
Status: Incident Open
Reporting Officer: Officer Jamie Mickiewicz
Detective: Officer Patrick Haggerty
Approving Officer: SERGEANT PATRICK DENAULT
Signature:
#
1.
2
#
1
Signature:
OFFENSE (S)
LOCATION TYPE: Highway/Road/Alley/Street
FOX RD @ GRAYSON DR
SPRINGFIELD MA
THREAT TO COMMIT CRIME
275/2
275
2
OCCURRED: 04/04/2025
2010
ASSAULT
265/13A/A
265
OCCURRED: 04/04/2025
WEAPON/FORCED USED: Other
13A
2010
VICTIM (S)
STEBBINS, RICHARD I Jr
ATTEMPTED
TYPE
Zone: Sector Il 16Acr/Outer Bel
N
N
Misdemeanor
Misdemeanor
SEX RACE
AGE
SSN
RESIDENT STATUS: Resident
VICTIM CONNECTED TO OFFENSE NUMBER (S) : 1 2
CONTACT INFORMATION:
Home Phone
(Primary)
Home Phone
Page: 1
04/07/2025



Picture text:
Ref: 25-3645-OF
Entered: 04/04/2025 @ 2104
Modified: 04/04/2025 @ 2139
Approved: 04/04/2025 @ 2222
Springfield Police Department
Page: 1
NARRATIVE FOR OFFICER JAMIE MICKIEWICZ
Entry ID: 115596
Modified ID: 115596
Approval ID: 102820
On 4/4/25 at approximately 2015 hours, I, Officer Mickiewicz, was dispatched to 54 Hope Street for a
reported disturbance.
Upon arrival, I was met by the calling party, identified as Mr. Richard Stebbins. Mr. Stebbins stated he was walking with his bicycle in the vicinity of Grayson Dr and Fox Rd, when a tall black male, wearing all black,
clothing jumped out of the wooded area and stated, "Faggot ass white people"
', followed by "My name is Cornelius Tyson and I am going to kill you." Mr. Stebbins stated Mr. Tyson continued to walk towards him in an
aggressive manner while shouting "I am going to stab you"
', and "I am going to shoot you" several times. In fear. Mr. Stebbins stated he placed his bicycle in between himself and Mr. Tyson to create distance, but Mr. Tyson took the bicycle and threw it. At this point, Mr. Stebbins stated that Mr. Tyson was shining a light into his eyes, while continuously making violent verbal threats. For his safety, Mr. Stebbins stated he took out his pocket knife in case he needed it to defend himself. Mr. Stebbins did not see a knife or firearm, but due to the threats and
references to such, he believed that Mr. Tyson could have had one in his possession. Mr. Stebbins stated Mr. Tyson eventually began to walk away, so he jumped on his bicycle and went to his residence to wait for police arrival. Mr. Stebbins stated at no point did the encounter become physical between the two. There was not any
damage to Mr. Stebbins' bicycle.
HPO rights advised
Officers canvassed the area but were unable to locate Mr. Tyson.
BWC activated by Officer Mickiewicz



I think the scariest part of this whole event is that this dude bragged about it the next morning like nothing happened. I understand that people have mental instability, but the fact that this dude bragged about it kinda hence that he knows the system doesn’t work and is designed to hurt people


Picture text:
Cornelius Tyson
••.
1d. Nothing practicing my martial arts skills this morning. Learning Japanese overseas
pronunciation techniques (April 5th, Saturday 2025, 8:00 a.m. in the
morning) #doctorsfyp #covid19 #mygirlfriend #outworkteam413 #thebosscornn
#caronavírus #streetfights #defender



April 12, 2025 made video after my case, was dismissed about my continued fight against corruption 

https://youtu.be/WAOvkAEOFoQ?si=OmJb57xqgiUBs1LS

May

May 29, 2025 I had my federal hearing with CCA.

Links to hearing transcripts.

 https://rickymedicalfile.blogspot.com/2025/06/cca-legal-file-ricky-keeping-track-of.html

 





















 

 Pictures transcribed.

1.

Department of Health and Human Services

OFFICE OF MEDICARE HEARINGS AND APPEALS

Atlanta, GA

R. STEBBINS

OMHA Appeal No.: 3-15218423039

R. STEBBINS

Medicare Part: C

Medicare No.:

*****14UY30

Before: Matthew Calarco

Administrative Law Judge

DECISION

After considering the evidence and arguments presented in the record and at the hearing, I, the undersigned Administrative Law Judge ("ALJ"), enter an UNFAVORABLE decision for R.

Stebbins ("Appellant" and "Enrollee").

PROCEDURAL HISTORY

Appellant is enrolled in CCA One Care (Medicare-Medicaid Plan), the Part C Medicare Advantage Plan ("Plan"). See File 4, pp. 1-2, 8 and File 5, pp. 1-2. On March 3, 2025, Appellant requested from the Plan prior authorization for coverage of out-of-network psychotherapy services. See File 5, pp. 1-5, 14-15. On March 13, 2025, the Plan issued a "Notice of Denial or Change Denial or Modification of a Requested Service" for the psychotherapy services. Id. at 18-24.

On March 21, 2025, Appellant appealed the denial decision. See File 5, p. 28. On March 24, 2025, Appellant requested that the appeal be changed to expedited. See id. at 29. On March 26, 2025, the Plan upheld its unfavorable decision. Id. at 32-37. The appeal was forwarded to the Medicare Independent Review Entity. See id. at 34-36; File 7, p. 3. On March 27, 2025, Maximus, the Medicare Part C Qualified Independent Contractor ("QIC"), issued an unfavorable decision for Appellant. File 9.

By correspondence received April 7, 2025 by the QIC and forwarded to the Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals ("OMHA"), Appellant requested an ALJ hearing. See Files 1 and 3. I held a telephonic hearing on May 29, 2025. File 12 - Hearing Audio. Appellant attended the hearing.

Id. Jeremiah Mancuso, Appeals and Grievance Manager, attended the hearing on behalf of the Plan. All documents referenced in the Exhibit List were admitted into the record without objection. Id. The administrative record is closed.

ISSUES

Whether Enrollee's Medicare Part C Plan is required to provide pre-authorization/coverage of out-of-network psychotherapy services under the terms of Enrollee's Plan.

APPLICABLE LAW AND POLICY


2.

A. Statutes and Regulations

With Title XVIII of the Social Security Act ("the Act"), Congress established the Medicare program. The Medicare program is administered through the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS"), a component of the United States Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS"). CMS promulgates regulations found at Title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations (“C.f.r”) for administration of Medicare program. The act does not contain a comprehensive list of specific items or services eligible for Medicare coverage. Rather, it lists categories of items and services, and vests in the Secretary, the authority to make determinations about which specific items and services within these categories can be covered under the Medicare program. See 42. U.S. Code § 1395ff. See also 42 C.F.R. § 410.10. A Medicare Part C Administrative Law Judge Hearing is governed by the procedures set forth at 42 C.F.R. §§ 405.1000 through 405.1054 to the extent appropriate, unless 42 C.F.R. §§ 422.600 and 422.602, or any other provision of part 422, subpart M provide otherwise. See 42 C.F.R. § 422.562.

The Medicare Advantage (MA) program (Part C) provides that a MA organization offering a MA plan must provide enrollees, at a minimum, with all basic Medicare-covered services by furnishing benefits directly or through arrangements, or by paying for the benefits. Under Medicare Part C, a MA must pay for those items and services (other than hospice benefits) for which benefits are available under Part A and Part B. 42 C.F.R. § 422.101; section 1852 of the Act. A MA may provide additional health care items and services that are not covered under Part A and Part B. See id. A MA must provide plan enrollees with coverage of the basic benefits they are entitled to by "furnishing those benefits directly or through arrangements, or by paying for the benefits." 42 C.F.R. § 422.100.

Section 1852 of the Act also requires MA plans to disclose a detailed description of plan provisions to enrollees, including benefits, prior authorization rules and requirements that could result in non-payment, and appeals rights. MA organizations must disclose to each enrollee enrolling in a MA plan offered by the organization a detailed content of plan description, including, but not limited to, the plan's service area, benefits, access, out-of-area coverage, emergency coverage, premiums and cost sharing (such as co-payments, deductibles and coinsurance). This information must be offered at the time of enrollment and at least annually after that, in a clear, accurate and standardized form. 42 CFR 422.111. MA organizations may specify the networks of providers from whom enrollees may obtain services as long as the MA organization ensures that all covered services, including additional or supplemental services contracted for by (or on behalf of) the Medicare enrollee, are available and accessible under the plan with reasonable promptness and in a manner which assures continuity in the provision of benefits. §1852 (d) of the Act; 42 U.S.C § 1395w-22(d); 42 CFR §422.112.

A Medicare Part C Plan may provide benefits not usually covered by Medicare Part A or Medicare Part B. The provisions set out in the Evidence of Coverage are part of the contract between the plan and the enrollee. See 42 C.F.R. §422.111, 42 C.F.R. §422.105(d)(2). The Plan's

2025 Evidence of Coverage ("EOC") indicates that the Plan generally covers medical care if the care is included in the Benefits Chart, the care is considered medically necessary, the enrollee has a network primary care provider who is providing the care, and the care is from a network provider. File 4, pp. 31-32.

Pertinent to this appeal is 42 C.F.R. §422.101 Requirements relating to basic benefits. The regulation provides as follows:

[Elach MA organization must meet the following requirements:


3.

(b) Comply with-

    ﻿﻿﻿﻿CMS's national coverage determinations;
    ﻿﻿﻿﻿General coverage guidelines included in original Medicare manuals and instructions unless superseded by regulations in this part or related instructions; and
    ﻿﻿﻿﻿Written coverage decisions of local Medicare contractors with jurisdiction for claims in the geographic area in which services are covered under the MA plan. If an MA plan covers geographic areas encompassing more than one local coverage policy area, the MA organization offering such an MA plan may elect to apply to plan enrollees in all areas uniformly the coverage policy that is the most beneficial to MA enrollees.

B. Policy and Guidance

Unless promulgated as a regulation by CMS, no rule, requirement, or statement of policy, other than a National Coverage Determination ("NCD"), can establish or change a substantive legal standard governing the scope of benefits or payment for services under the Medicare program.

Act § 1871(a)(2); 42 C.F.R. § 405.1060. However, in lieu of binding regulations with the full force and effect of law, CMS and its contractors have issued policy guidance that describe criteria for coverage of selected types of medical items and services in the form of manuals and local coverage determinations ("LCDs"). Applicable provisions in Medicare manuals, although not binding on an ALJ, are also valid interpretive rules that are instructive and influential and provide useful guidance in the administration of the Medicare program. Shalala v. Guernsey Memorial Hospital, 514 U.S. 87 (1995). Accordingly, the applicable provisions in the Medicare manuals and LCDs are entitled to substantial deference to the extent they are consistent with the Act, regulations, and rulings; deviation from them must be explained. 42 C.F.R. § 405.1062.

FINDING OF FACTS AND LEGAL ANALYSIS

By a preponderance of the evidence, I, the undersigned ALJ, render the following:

This authorization request is before the undersigned ALJ for pre-approval of psychotherapy services to be provided by an out-of-network ("OON") provider. The QIC decision states in relevant part, "the Plan does not have to pre-approve psychotherapy services provided by an out-of-network (OON) provider … You say that you have seen the OON provider previously and wish to continue ... The Plan says rules for OON coverage have not been met. Medicare rules say that plans can require enrollees to get care from network providers. The contract with the Plan says that the Plan has to pre-approve care from out-of-network providers only in cases involving emergencies, out of area urgent care and care that cannot be provided by network providers. The Plan has network providers available who are capable of providing the items/services at issue in this appeal... We found no exception that would require the Plan to pre-approve these items/services. Therefore, we decided that the Plan does not have to pre-approve psychotherapy services to be provided by an out-of-network (OON) provider." File 3,

The Plan's EOC states that usually the Plan "will not cover care from a provider who does not work with CCA One Care," then goes on to list several exceptions. File 4, p.38-39. One of the unusual circumstances that may lead to covered OON care is, "Your PCP/care team determines that a non-network provider can best provide the service or transitioning you to another provider could endanger life, or cause suffering or pain, or significantly disrupt the current course of


4.

treatment." Id. The EOC further states that "If you use an out-of-network provider, the provider must be eligible to participate in Medicare or MassHealth." Id.

In its initial denial notification dated March 13, 2025, the Plan notified Appellant that his request for coverage of psychotherapy services with an OON provider was denied because, "Bryan Wade, PhD, LMHC does not participate in MassHealth(Medicaid). Your provider does not contract with CCA's One Care Plan. Your plan does not cover care with non-network providers.

You can get care from a different provider who is in-network and eligible to participate in MassHealth(Medicaid) ... CCA covers behavioral health services if provided by a Medicare and

MassHealth(Medicaid)

enrolled provider. This is outlined in the CCA OneCare Member

Handbook, Chapter 4 "Benefits Chart," (page 86-87) and CCA OneCare Summary of Benefits 2025 (page 24)." File 5, pp. 18-19.

A March 24, 2025 email, internal to the Plan, captured the contents of a phone call Appellant made to the Plan. File 5, p. 29. Appellant requested his appeal be expedited because his cousin committed suicide the previous week and he has attempted to commit suicide 6 times. Id.

Appellant further stated that he was advised that the therapist Bran Wade, PhD would be covered under the prior authorization but is now being billed thousands of dollars. Id.

During the hearing for this appeal, Appellant provided testimony and argument in support of the Plan covering the OON psychotherapy services, while Mr. Mancuso, the Plan's representative provided reason why the Plan denied coverage and should continue to deny coverage. File 12 - Hearing Audio. The hearing testimony is summarized below:

Appellant stated that in the beginning of 2024, I had some court issues, and they were trying to make me question my sanity. They ordered a competency evaluation, and I passed it with flying colors. I decided I needed to talk with somebody. In March, I called the Plan and asked about a specific therapist, but he only accepted Medicare not MassHealth. They said that was fine and approved me to see him. But then in December 2024, when it came time to apply for new therapy sessions, the Plan put me in for intake evaluations instead of therapy sessions and my therapist didn't get paid. So, I kept seeing my therapist because it was approved. But then the Plan caught this clerical error they had made and didn't pay the therapist for December, January, and February, and I've not been allowed to see him during that time. I just won my court case because I caught lawyers, police officers, and judges lying. It is heartbreaking and super stressful for me.

Then on St. Patrick's Day, my cousin killed himself and didn't leave a message. I called the Plan and told them I need someone to talk to and they gave me names of people who were over an hour away. When I called these people, they didn't fit my needs - they couldn't help me. They told me they wanted me to see these people that accept both Medicare and MassHealth because they can pay them less. That right there disgusts me that these people are not willing to stand up for their own rights. I called the Plan and told them I needed to talk to someone now and I purposefully cut myself a couple of weeks ago. I still have stitches in my arm. No one from the Plan called me. I could do it again right now and the Commonwealth Care won't do a thing. I'm disgusted by this company.

I don't want to deal with them again. The Plan's policies and procedures violate my rights and the law. I can't call anyone and complain because there is no one to complain to. I've called everyone in the world to report the crimes that I've caught judges and police officers and lawyers committing, and now these healthcare infractions and no one cares. I have thousands of pages of documents online and tracking all of this corruption in


5.


the healthcare systems, financial and legal systems and I'm tired of it. This is my tirst step in making the world right.

Mr. Mancuso stated: To clarify, starting 1/1/25, the powers that be at Commonwealth Care Alliance changed the way billing and claims were to be processed for all of our providers in and out of network. For One Care members, ICO members like Appellant's plan is, OON coverage requires that any provider, in this case Bryan Wade, PhD, is enrolled with Medicare but not with Mass Health or Medicaid. An OON provider is required to be enrolled in both Medicare and Medicaid in order to bill the plan and receive reimbursement. That started January 1, 2025. While I don't agree with the way they happened, the change happened on January 1, and they have to be enrolled in both.

The relevant URL is masshealth.ehs.state.ma.us/providerselfservice.

Appellant asked, how do their policies and procedures affect the law? I have certain rights. They change them to rip us off. How does that work?

Mr. Mancuso replied that with our three-way contract with CMS and MassHealth, they require us to have any providers be Medicare and Medicaid enrolled in order to see any of our members. That is just the way their billing procedures work. Anyone that sees our members, whether in or OON, they have to accept our contract for whatever the rates are, which goes back to your earlier statement about accepting less reimbursement.

Appellant stated that is why you can pay these people less per contract. Mr. Mancuso replied, yes, that is the way the system is designed unfortunately.

Appellant stated that is why I am not going to see these people, ever. And that's why I'm going to keep cutting myself until you stop these disgusting policies that you're forcing upon citizens. He then asked Mr. Mancuso, "Do you understand that?" Mr. Mancuso replied, "Yes, I understand." Appellant asked, "Why didn't anyone reach out to me when I did cut myself a couple of weeks ago? Why did I receive an email saying they want to discuss my member rating?" Mr. Mancuso replied that he didn't have any information about this at the time of this hearing.

Appellant stated that no one will have any knowledge of me hurting myself. Even when I call, no one will acknowledge what I've been doing, which is why I email. I told Appellant that he would now have a record of him hurting himself and why on a transcript at an official government hearing and told him that I hoped he gets the help he needs. Appellant said that I am the only person who ever said that to him and that I was the nicest person he has talked to in the last three years.

Mr. Mancuso stated that he has nothing to add in regards to the appeal but told Appellant he would reach out internally and someone from the Plan would reach out to him to address what had been stated in the appeal hearing. Appellant made a concluding statement stating I don't hold either of you responsible, I know it's your job to follow whatever you're told to do, but I believe a lot of these things are wrong and against the law and I'm going to pursue them justly. I'm not pointing the finger at any one person, because I don't believe everyone understands what is really going on in the first place.


6.

After a complete review of the record, I find the documentation does not support that the Plan 1s required to preauthorize coverage of the OON psychotherapy services for the specific therapist requested by the Appellant. Appellant has failed to meet his burden of proof. There is no dispute that the therapist Appellant requested is not enrolled in Medicaid/MassHealth. The EOC states, that usually the Plan will not cover care from a provider who does not work with CCA One Care and that if an enrollee uses an OON provider, the provider must be eligible to participate in Medicare or MassHealth. Because Appellant's requested provider does not meet this requirement, the Plan is not required to provide the requested coverage unless an exception applies.

One exception stated in the EOC that I have considered is "Your PCP/care team determines that a non-network provider can best provide the service or transitioning you to another provider could endanger life, or cause suffering or pain, or significantly disrupt the current course of treatment." File 4, p. 39. In this case, there is significant indication this exception may apply.

However, there is no information from Appellant's primary care provider or care team to support this exception. If Appellant's primary care provider or therapist indicated evidence to support this exception, a different analysis would be necessary. Without such information, I cannot find by a preponderance of the evidence that the Plan is required to provide the requested coverage.

Since Appellant failed to demonstrate these requirements by a preponderance of the evidence, the legal conclusion must be unfavorable. Accordingly, I cannot require the Plan to provide coverage for OON psychotherapy services when Medicare coverage criteria are not met. Thus, the decision is unfavorable.

CONCLUSIONS OF LAW

The undersigned concludes that the Medicare Part C Plan is not required to provide pre-authorization/coverage for the specifically requested OON psychotherapy services under the terms of Enrollee's Plan.

ORDER

For the reasons discussed above, this decision is UNFAVORABLE. The Medicare Administrative Contractor is directed to process this claim in accordance with this decisissson.

SO ORDERED

Matthew Calarco

Administrative Law Judge
















May 31 Wrote Missy Newman and tried to explain things to her. I hadn't spoken to her since March 18, 2023.

June

June 3 8am Got a rude phone call from the Hampden County District Attorney's office from their victim witness advocate Hussein Abdi. What a terrible attitude this person had. Honestly I never want to deal with someone with his attitude ever again and I'm going to make sure that he doesn't treat other people the way he treated me. Their website doesn't work and he acted like a complete fool on the phone and I'm going to call him out in public.

June 3- Dom has his graduation for high school today. He went to Putnam like I did. I’m not going because the rest of the family is there and they have communication issues.

Honestly, I feel like I got to do something 10 times better. This morning Dominic came in the house and asked me how hard it would be to change an alternator. So I took this opportunity to fix it with him. I asked him to look up parts and of he didn’t. lol I looked it up and noticed that AutoZone was $50 cheaper than NAPA  and Advanced auto parts. So we took a chance and drove up the street. I let him talk to the parts guy while I was looking at hot wheels cars. When it came time to pay, it was $100 more than I was expecting it to be, and I had to question the guy which part he actually pulled. Turns out my nephew, didn’t pay any attention to which alternator we were supposed to be getting and just picked one. lol Which really makes me think about adult adults and how they don’t explain anything to children, We just expect them to know what we’re talking about and to do what is expected of them. I apologized to the parts guy and asked him to switch the parts so I can save 100 bucks. I don’t know why my nephew thinks his disabled Uncle’s made of money when he’s offering to pay for stuff. lol All the alternators have a one year warranty. 

I tried to let Dominic do it himself, but I couldn’t help myself and I had to get involved. I’m terrible. I can’t just let somebody do anything and I don’t know if he cared. He had graduation to go to tonight, so I’m sure he would have preferred to just get it done today, but man I’m one of those guys that if you’d let me take over a project. I will do it all myself. I love doing stuff. lol

June 4 reached out to Dietrich



June 5- shared this story with Echo “You know what the problem is people don’t care about memory. People don’t care if they’re remembered or not. 



Then there are people like me who don’t wanna forget anyone or the lessons they’ve taught me. I was just talking to my nephew today on the backyard. We were out there talking about a lot of stuff. lol but I told him how my cousin Billy taught me about knurling. He worked in a machine shop years ago and even though I took machine Shop for a few weeks in high school, I didn’t know what that term meant. And I thought it was such a funny word and it’s stuck with me forever and now every time I grab weights or see a pattern pressed in the metal I think of Billy. And I wonder now if Dominic remember that I told him a story about Billy when he tells somebody else 20 years, 30 years from now.”

June 5- this morning, I had a doctors appointment with Dr. Skalski, I’ve been seeing him for well over a decade, I can’t give you a better idea at the moment because my medical records are incomplete. Before I went to this doctors appointment, I was really laying into my AI partner Echo about some DCF issues I’ve had in the past. I didn’t really wanna get into something that would upset me before the doctors, but I felt like it was important to talk about it while it was fresh in my mind. On the way to the doctors, I was reminded of the stitches in my arms and how my insurance company has completely ignored my mental health and their intentional incompetence has caused severe problems for my physical health over the course of my life as well. I told Dr. Skalski About my issues with the health insurance company, and how I know he would be able to provide me with better care if he had access to my entire Medical file. While I was there, I was forced to provide all of my previous contact information because they got a new system. Even though there was absolutely nothing wrong with their old system, Someone felt the need to spend money on a worthless new system in my old information wasn’t able to be transferred over for some reason. Then I had to wait in line to have blood drawn for 20 minutes because of these new systems. I emailed dr Skalski when I got home and and Ai for help writing it.









I stopped at zombie hideout after the doctors, It’s right in the same plaza on the corner of Allen and Cooley Street as the old SuperFood Mart I used to work at. It’s a Big Y now. This is the  store that I bought that Gil Joe T-shirt that I love and some Star Wars figures when my father died. A bunch of us stopped there after the funeral, they  held a celebration of life at the restaurant next-door, So of course, I stopped at the comic book shop. Today the owner was in, so I took the opportunity to choose a year off. I told him that I noticed that he used to work downtown at a restaurant and he told me that he took that as a second job so that he could keep this comic book store open.

While I talked with this guy, I told him all my normal AI stuff and he told me about the struggles he was having as a small business owner. Pokémon is a big hit in his store and because of the tariffs placed on China and Japan, a lot of the products that he buys are now more expensive. He also told me that last year he had to take a second job in order to keep his business open. I thought that was absolutely disgusting That a comic book store owner had to take a second job in order to keep something that brings joy to our entire community open, and if his store wasn’t open, there would not be another store like this in the city. His is the only one. And then he talked about the company he rents repairing the roof and how they wouldn’t extend his lease yet, they’re jerking him around. The guy talked about the past damage from a leaky roof, and how the company that he rents from would not cover the damage to his products inside the store or repair the roof tiles for the ceiling that customer see when they walk in. He talked about how he held the wrestling event and then the city gave him a hard time because of the occupancy and they wouldn’t send someone from the city to explain to him what the problem was with the occupancy. They wanted him to hire an architect and have this architect explain it to him. Then, while I was there, the ceiling started leaking and damaging his product, When I went outside after buying some G.I. Joe comics I saw that there were construction workers on the roof acting like a bunch of fools and it instantly disgusted me and I took a picture and I posted it on Facebook so everyone could see it. This poor private citizen, struggling to keep a comic bookstore open that brings joy to an entire city, and we can’t count on the companies that he is forced to rent from to provide him with a safe environment for his customers. If anything, I should’ve walked over to water and slipped and fell, but I’m not stupid like that and I know that any kind of money I see the insurance company or would just come out of citizens pockets.





When I got home, Dom told me he had found a baby bird in the backyard, so we went out and lured it away from the fence over by the pond and got some water for it and we were gonna try to take care of it, but it’s mother came back, so I put it in a small cardboard box over by the pond so that the mother could get at it and it seems like she can feed it that way, so we’re gonna leave it and see how that works out. I laughed and Dom and asked him why he shows me stuff like this. I told him he knows that it will eat away at me if I know there’s a baby bird suffering in the yard and I’m going to want to take care of it. We had a good laugh at that, Good thing it wasn’t kittens because I would keep them even though I know Dominic’s allergic. I think Dominic would Adapt. lol







I’m not sure if I mentioned this, but I bought Dominic two pairs of boxing gloves for his high school graduation. Even though I paid for his alternator, I figured I should get him a gift for accomplishing what I think is a pointless task. lol I told him that I think high school is stupid, And it’s not stupid because it’s pointless, but it’s stupid because it’s not designed to care, I think all of our school system is trash and I’ve told Dominic this over and over. I constantly tell him he deserves the best and I want the best for him. I never want him to stop learning or striving to be better. 





So we broke out the boxing gloves, I nagged him into it. I think he was going to try to relax before he went to the gym with his friend. Instead, we got super sweaty for like 10 minutes, my heart hasn’t raced that fast and my lungs haven’t struggled that hard, in a very long time. lol I took a video of the second half of our fight, We weren’t trying to hurt each other, but it’s amazing how terrible we are at fighting. 

I haven’t had this much fun in a long time, Now I need to buy some headgear so we can really pop each other and not have to worry about damaging our pretty faces or any type of cauliflower ear. lol I think it’s hilarious. I wore a mouthguard while we were fighting, and I only felt my jaw crunch once when I got popped in the face. I’ve had issues with my jaw for years and I haven’t even gotten to tell Ai about that either. I forgot to add that to my Medical file. Here a YouTube link. No I don’t have any boxing skills. lol plus I don’t want to knock Dom out. 

https://youtu.be/z4LShdQxmeQ?si=Pe9Bs7imwzhjfEca



The morning June 6 Dr. Skalski’s office. They asked me for my Therapist contact information and offered to try to help with my insurance company issues. This really means a lot to me that they responded in such a timely manner, I don’t honestly believe that they’re going to be able to help me see a therapist or the therapist of my choice but the fact that my doctor is trying means something to me.



Today was all kinds of fun















June- Reached out to the Lynds on Facebook. I know people don’t like hearing from me, but no one has been responding to the Hell's Acres articles being written with anything 

June 11: I shared this message with ChatGPT- How awesome is this? I just got a call from a Lisa Fenishell from Attorney’s General‘s office. She was calling me to tell me she can’t help me with Commonwealth Care alliance and I’m on my own.



I tried to speak to her about the issues I’ve been having with all these lawyers and  different state agencies, and companies and she got mad at me, she said it’s not her job to help me and she said she wants no part of this and hung up on me. 



That’s the kind of disgusting behavior. We can expect from people that work for the state of Massachusetts.

Made a Youtube video complaining about this.
 


First frog to stop by the yard this year.






July

It’s 5 July now yesterday I got a free stroller and I rode my bicycle to Chicopee and then I walked my bike and this stroller over to a friend’s house and then rode my bicycle home which is a super pain in the rear end, my neck, my rear hurt like crazy , so my rear  hurts more. I thought that having a stroller and being able to go different places and use this AI to document the story would help me live life a little more instead of hiding in my room waiting for these slow AI to respond.




7-11-2025
I got a call from 988 after sending a message to the White House
https://youtu.be/pT2Ldwq8Sbc?si=9-7r5jLZN0cRk1ac




Today is Sunday, July 13. I haven’t written in this thing in a while. I figured I would Update This. It’s not going to be perfect because I’m using voice to text but oh well. My life has been pretty busy lately. I have been digging in deep searching through this many financial records online as I can with these AI partners I’ve been using. I haven’t started searching major websites by myself yet. I was hoping I can get other people involved. If I had 10 people and we could check 10 websites one a day for each of us that would be awesome and we get this done in no time.  I emailed the Attorney Generals of Vermont, New Hampshire, New York, Maine, Rhode Island, and Connecticut. All of these different AI tell me I have the largest Rico case in world history and that no one else has gathered all the information that I have in one place or at least no civilian has anyway. lol I’ve been taking Harley for more walks now that I have that jogging stroller and we’ve been going swimming over at 5 mile. Feel so much softer. I wish I’d started her swimming there years ago. She looks so adorable splashing around. It was nice. We had the pond all to ourselves the other day, at the same time it’s pretty disappointing that Beach used to be packed. 



July 18, 2025 

I thought it was a bright idea this Friday to go to court and file a harassment order against Commonwealth care Alliance. As I write this, I still haven’t gotten the audio yet, but I’m pretty sure that that judge should have approved my harassment order by the way she talked and then when I told her that I wasn’t going to stand for this they sent over a court Psychologist to talk to me and he said he was going to teach me a lesson. 


I was then sent to Baystate Medical and I told him I’ve had issues with Baystate in the past and I prefer not to go there, since there is mercy Hospital, even closer than Baystate from the courthouse, I wasn’t given a choice and I didn’t want to come off as argumentative or aggressive towards court employees or the ambulance staff that had arrived so I just went with them. I’d asked for a lawyer before I went and said I had to wait and then I asked for a lawyer when I got the hospital, I was told no, and then I took my phone out and said I was going to record this conversation and staff instantly put their hands on me and a doctor said you’re not recording in this hospital. I was in the hallway away from staff and other patients. I was assaulted and then drugged then I was Forced to stay overnight and then shipped off to Westborough mental health hospital an hour and a half away. 




Westborough

Intake
I got the Westborough on Saturday the 19th and was stuck there until the 30th. The entire time no one would explain to me why I was actually there or what mental health condition they thought I was suffering from. Doctors were rude and disrespectful, All they seem to care about was whether I was willing to take drugs or not. While there I witnessed staff showing a total lack of compassion at times when patients were spiraling out of control. I was denied access to my phone so that I could get numbers to call people and then when I called Police and asked them to come take pictures of my injuries because I had a Bruises and swelling on my right hand my right knee and the right side of my face, Westborough Hospital staff told Police that they didn’t need to come. And then I learned that it’s Standard practice that police officers Are turned away from these hospitals if people call for help or need assistance, Patients are prevented from documenting assault injuries. 

Police calls
I think the local cops are a bunch of Dick heads, I called them Saturday night, Sunday night and Monday morning, And tried to get them to come take pictures of my injuries for me, I had swelling and bruising on the right side of my face, my right hand and right knee. 


Medication error

Doctors did not have my updated medical information when I arrived and I was disgusted, so I kept asking why they didn't have access to my medical records. This seems like a serious issues, in 2026, especially all the health issues i've experieced, I perfer to be on top of all my records now, if I can. 

and eventried to prescribe me drugs that I had taken in the past and

 Then when I told them that I had a thyroid condition and what medication I was on, they just believe me and prescribed a 5mg dose and tried to pass it off to me like I wouldn’t notice. lol Which I instantly said something, granted I knew I could doses for days and not suffer and serious effects, and I doubt taking a double dose would hurt, plus I took that dose before 2021. But I thought, fuck them, they're getting paid to imprison me, they might as well do their jobs and get peoples medication right. lol
I wasn't even the only person to complain about medication errors, but I wasn't able to get co


Then, as one young man was spiraling out of control, threatening to hurt himself, staff told him to fight me in another patient, I was forced to have a conversation with this young man and tell him that it was all right and try to help him understand the situation that he was in. 




CPCS

I called for a CPCS lawyer on Monday the 21st, I wanted to make sure that I was on top of things and that I was documenting everything, I didn't want to let these scumbags get away with a thing. He showed up on the, and this fat bastard had the nerve to ask to do the half wink and take the medication, he told me to sign the three day and to go along with what doctors said. I was adamant that I was not going to do that. That's what I told them that I documenting all of this insurance fraud and been using AI posting this on Google Blogger, and then he asked me what the site was, and he looked up my Google Blogger site right in front and then that we could use this in court.

forensic psychologist
This guy came shook my hand, said I heard you're getting released, alright goodbye. I'm assuming that guy got paid the like 3 to $5000 that was on the paperwork I signed, I can't remember what it was now and I don't wanna exaggerate, but I think it was $3500

Group
Most of the groups here were complete and utter waste of time, They would have us color, or they would write down stupid words, but nobody actually taught anyone anything, No one learned anything. lol
I remember every single person that had a chance to talk, all said that they feel alone, and they all felt like no one understands them, and they feel there is no real help and the system is totally failing and they're never going to be able to get out the hole that they're in.

One guy was there because he was super depressed, because he couldn't get a job and he felt worthless and wanted to contribute to society, he felt like he was worth something, and he hated the fact that no one would help him.
 I thought it was horrifying that disabled people are out there begging to help other people, and no one will let them. It's fucking maddening, disabled get paid to sit around, why can't they help other people? why can't they be allowed to do something worthwhile?

Singing Backing Stree Boys - I want it that way, in a mental hospital is a memory I'll never forgot. Michael had just finished his Eminim song and it was my turn, but time was running short, so I offered a group song. I didn't feel like I needed to hold to mircophone to sing along, but since it was my turn, it was my song, so Back Street it was. lol Cedrick was lead singer this time, my Mingles karaoke days are long behind me. lol
But something Cedric said has always stuck with me, he said- All these people say they care, but then when you need help, no one's around and they all act fake. Cedrick felt berayed by celebrites who talk about helping others, but never actually do anything that results in any realy change, he felt he got caught up in their lies and felt betrayed.


sexual harrassment

the Bible
I got s chance to sit back and read a few chapters of the bible. During a group session, a couple people had asked why there's never any services on sunday, or why priests don't stop by to talk to people. 
SO I thought it would be a great idea to call the people who sent the bibles to the hospital in the first place, The Gideons 615-564-5000. needless to say, this conversation sucked. lol
I don't recall the jerks name on the phone, but I asked if they'd be willing to send someone to the hospital to have servce on sundays and this dick told me no, he told me that people in these hospitals don't want help and deserve to be there.
I rememeber thinking, what a piece of fucking shit, I'm calling fromthe fucking hospitsl asking, you dick head, but I didn't say that, I was polite, just like I was with everyone else, but I didn't want to be. I was beyond disappointed. It seems like all churches and religious orgsniztions can do, is let you down. I didn't bother calling back to complain, thiough I should have, I didn't read any more of their bible either.  



Doctor
When I first met this tiny little bitch, I could tell she had a attitude, She was used to people just doing whatever she told them, and didn't like people asking questions. lol



The last time I spoke with her, she said and quote, "You smoke weed that makes you manic". lol 
I can't remember what I said to her, but I know I made a face and I thought it was absolutely ridiculous, She was lucky I didn't punch her in the face right then and there, I wanted to hammer fist that fucking cunt so badly, But I knew that would get me nowhere, fast. lol 



doctor ME?


Joey

Then I witnessed the other young man Joey got his head smashed on the floor while he was finally got a control, no staff attempted to calm him, all staff did was instigate the situation and make things worse. 

I called CPCS for a lawyer And finally met with someone July 23, This lawyer told me to do the half wink and just take the medication that the doctors are offering so that I could get out earlier. I thought to myself hell now that’s not the kind of person I am. I’m not bending the knee so that you can drug me and try to force me to forget everything that I’ve witnessed. 

While talking to the lawyer, he had signed a paper for a forensic psychologist and that psychologist was making close to $3500. If I remember the total correctly it was over 3000. That psychologist came and saw me The 28th of the 29th, Either way he was there for 30 second shook my hand and said oh I heard the releasing you and had no information on why I was being released or why no one was bothering to explain anything that was going on to me. 

This experience was a godsend, I met the nicest patients you could ever imagine, people that were just down on their luck and forced to live in a system that is designed to oppress them. I gave these people my word that I would fight like an animal to get them out and to prevent this from happening to anyone ever again and I’m going to Keep my word.


Here is a link to the assault audio at Baystate and then while I was at Westborough Hospital, I called my cell phone so that I could record the audio from Joey’s assault because it was that bad and that disturbing

I can see why they don't have cameras in these places and they don't watch citizens knowing what's going on, when The incident with Joey started, I felt like it was totally manageable, until staff started making remarks that would clearly upset someone who was getting close to spiraling out of control. It was one of those weird situations, where I felt powerless, but I felt like I should do something. A part of thought about attacking the staff, grabbing a key and running off into the night. lol

My mind races, so I really do think these thoughts, but I also acknowledge that these guys are trying to get by in life, they're just doing a job and they don't understand what's going on either, so I felt like there was only one thing I could do that wouldn't get anyone injured, So I called my cell phone and let my voicemail record audio of Joey being assaulted, the same way I recorded audio staff assaulting me at Baystate. lol I figured those fuckers thoughtt they took away my ability to document what's going on, so it was up to me to find a way around it. lol The humans righta violations didn't seem like enough.



https://youtu.be/shK8qUEX-8Y?si=6Rwj3purFiFe_J5O


It was so funny when Michael asked me if he could have my shirt, and I didn't know what he meant at first, then he said he was poor, so I said of course you can have my shirt, and then when he put it on, the first thing I thought was, damn, he looks better in it than I did. lol

Silenet Uber ride home


Below are the pictures I could take when I was fianlly given access to my phone on July 28th,  and I wanted pictures and to write chatgpt to document everything, I thought telling it and getting it's opinion would help me navagate this situation. I felt bad for John, I couldn't get my hot spot to work and he was dying to write somebody and I had told my service had worked or so I thought, but we only had a few minutes






You can't see the bruising, but the swelling is still very apparent.














Westborough

Behavioral Healthcare Hospital

Administrative Resolution

Unit:

Um Loy Log #:

19

Name of Client: Richard "Ricky" Stebbins

Date of Complaint: 7/23/2025

Date of This Report: 7/25/2025

Grounds for Administrative resolution: Presents undisputed facts.

Summary of Allegation:

Patient alleged that staff would not allow him to take photos of injuries from restraints that occurred at Baystate ED, and would not allow Springfield Police to come take photos.

Actions Taken:

Human Rights Officer educated staff on Patients' right to contact police at any time to request a visit. Human Rights Officer spoke with the Director of Risk Management and confirmed Patients are able to use their phones to take photos of injuries so long as this takes place in a secure area away from other Patients, and the Patient is appropriate. Human Rights Officer educated the Provider on this matter and requested Patient receive a phone order to take photos of injuries and to retrieve phone numbers.

Date Decision Sent or Given to Client:

7/28/2025




Westborough

Behavioral Healthcare Hosp tal

Administrative Resolution

Log #:

14

Unit:

B

Name of Client: Richard Stebbins

Date of Complaint: 7/21/2025

Date of This Report: 7/23/2025

Grounds for Administrative resolution: Presents undisputed facts.

Summary of Allegation:

Patient alleged his Thyroid medication dose is incorrect and staff has not addressed this with the Provider for the dose to be adjusted.

Actions Taken:

Human Rights Officer informed Charge Nurse of the complaint to review with the Provider for potential dosage adjustment.

Date Decision Sent or Given to Client:

7/23/2025




Westborough

Behavioral Healthcare Hospital

Administrative Resolution

Log #: _

25

Unit:

B

Name of Client: Jonathan Croteau

Date of Complaint: 7/28/2025

Date of This Report: 7/29/2025

Grounds for Administrative resolution: Does not present a health or safety risk.

Summary of Allegation:

Patient alleged that staff were encouraging peers to fight him on 7/26/2025.

Actions Taken:

Human Rights Officer emailed Nursing Leadership to review incident with the staff who worked this shift, and to address the allegation as indicated.

Date Decision Sent or Given to Client:

7/30/2025




Westborough

Behavioral Healthcare Hospita

Administrative Resolution

Unit:

B

Log #: _

27

Name of Client: Elson Dos Santos

Date of Complaint: 7/29/2025

Date of This Report: 7/30/2025

Grounds for Administrative resolution: Does not present a health or safety risk.

Summary of Allegation:

Patient alleged having witnessed staff beat a peer's head against the floor during a restraint on 7/27/2025.

Actions Taken:

Human Rights Officer informed Director of Risk Management for review.

Date Decision Sent or Given to Client:

7/30/2025




Westborough

Behavioral Healthcare Hospita!

Administrative Resolution

Unit:

B

Log #: _

23

Name of Client: Richard "Ricky" Stebbins

Date of Complaint: 7/24/2025

Date of This Report: 7/29/2025

Grounds for Administrative resolution: Allegation are not dangerous, illegal or inhumane.

Summary of Allegation:

Patient requested a new Provider.

Actions Taken:

Human Rights Officer emailed Provider, Clinical Team, Director of Clinical Services, Director of Risk Management, and Chief Medical Officer to review Patient's request for transfer of care.

Date Decision Sent or Given to Client:

7/29/2025











Returned Mail Only - DO NOT MAIL PAYMENTS HERE

PO Box 8741

Coral Springs, FL 33075-8741

010301088662

STMT A 088662 B6

Richard Stebbins Jr

54 Hope St

Springfield MA 01119-1644

Patient:

Bill ID:

Printed on:

Richard Stebbins Jr

4461 - 3372 - 7269

Jul 25, 2025

Difficulty paying your bill?

Visit pay.amr.net to learn about 0% interest payment plans and more ways to resolve your balance.

See back for details

Your total is $4,331.40

You have one bill that is ready to pay. The total amount is due by Aug 28, 2025.

Total billed

Total due

$4,331.40

$4,331.40

Visit pay.amr.net to add your insurance and we will reprocess your bill.

DETACH AREA BELOW AND SEND WITH PAYMENT

Ways to Pay

Online

Pay via desktop or mobile:

pay.amr.net

Phone

To pay by our automated phone system, call toll-free

24/7:

(888) 401-3274

Mail

Mail check or money order with this part of the bill to the address on the reverse side.

Do not send cash.

Need Help?

Call our team toll-free

(Mon to Fri 9AM to 8PM EDT)

(800) 913-9106

Bill ID: 4461 - 3372 - 7269

Scan to pay online.

Just point your phone's camera at the code to scan. Some phones may require a QR code app.



Westborough Behavioral Health Hospital

DISCHARGE MEDICATION SUMMARY FOR PATIENT

Patient Name: Stebbins Jr., Richard L THESE DISCHARGE PRESCRIPTIONS e-PRESCRIBED TO:

CVS/pharmacy #1291

770 BOSTON RD.

SPRINGFIELD, MA 01119

Phone Number: 4137829168

07/30/2025 7:21 am

Take this form to your pharmacy to pick up your medications.

All these medications are listed on the front sheet under Medications to take after Discharge.

Medication

Dose

Route

Frequency

Quantity

Refills

propranolol

Inderal

40 mg

Oral

THREE TIMES A DAY

42

0

methlMAzole

Tapazole

2.5 mg

Oral

ONCE A DAY

7

0

ptrefused to signed.

Patient/Guardian Signature Date/Time

738las

Do NOT Scan to Pharmacy

printed 7/30/25 07:21

Transition Record - Part 3

ACCT #: 2501656

MR #: 109912

Admit Date: 7/19/25 13:57

Physician: Rathore, Perveen

DOB: 10/08/1978

AGE: 46 years

Stebbins Jr., Richard L

SEX: M

1030

Nurse Signature Date/Time

Page 3 of













Discharge Aftercare Plan

Stebbins Jr., Richard L MR#: 109912

Hosp #: 2501656

DOB: 10/08/1978

Admit Date: 07/19/2025

Observation Date/Time:

Westborough Behavioral HealthCare Hospital 508-329-6300

Discharge Meds:

None

methIMAzole 5 mg TAB

Medication Padens:

DeschiptäonGive half of 5mg tab Indidationral Transmucosal 2 mg

etaring--

CUM------

propranolol 20 mg TAB

Anxiety

Tapazole

BraNdSSETTE Dose

Nicorette

-----

2.5 mg

2 mg

PO

Route

OM

Inderal

40 mg

PO

DAILY

Frequency

Q2H

ーーーーーーーーー

TID

PRN

---

MEDICATION REMINDERS

DO NOT TAKE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES OR STREET DRUGS OF ANY KIND WHILE ON MEDICATIONS

Take Medications as they are prescribed at discharge. Do not change the dosed or time, unless directed by your physician

For adolescents, medication should be kept out of reach and in a secure place.

Non-compliance with medication history is a big risk factor for re-admission with 30-days.

Keep all aftercare appointments as scheduled and take a copy of the aftercare plan to your appointment.

Allergy

System

Comments

NKDA = NO KNOWN DRUG ALLERGIES

7708584

RB-Aig IĐ

Type

Reaction

-Drug Allergy

--------

Severity

Date

ーーーー

Code

ーーーー

Continuity of Lab / X-rays / Tests

Results and Contact Information

There were no lab/test results pending at the time of discharge

Labs pending at the time of

No

discharge

In case of a medical emergency, information will be provided to medical professionals by calling 508-329-6300 and asking for the Nursing Supervisor.

Printed On: 07/30/2025 @ 7:12

Page 2 of 3





Discharge Aftercare Plan

Stebbins Jr., Richard L MR#: 109912

Hosp #: 2501656

DOB: 10/08/1978

Admit Date: 07/19/2025

Observation Date/Time: 7/29/2025 10:28:38AM

I do not have access to any

Yes

prescription medications, drugs, alcohol or drug paraphernalia, guns, sharp utensils or any other weapons / items that I would use with lethal intent or intent to harm self or others.

I have received a copy of my

Yes

Aftercare Discharge Instructions and Individual Wellness Recovery Plan and I understand the instructions provided and all my questions have been answered.

I authorize the release of this

Yes

Aftercare Discharge Instructions to the providers listed on the first page, to assist in continuity of care.

I understand these records may include drug/alcohol/mental health/communicable disease-related information. I understand that information released could contain reference to results of HIV antibody testing. A photocopy of this authorization should be considered as valid as the original.

This consent is subject to revocation by the undersigned at any time, except to the extent that action has been taken in reliance hereon and in any event shall expire within ninety 90) days from the date of signature below.

The information being authorized to release is being disclosed to you from records protected by the Federal Confidentiality Rules

(42CFR Part 2). A general authorization for the release of medical or other information is not sufficient for this purpose.

The information to be released is PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL and is intended ONLY for the use of the recipient (s) named above.

Status at Discharge



Verbalized ready for discharge and Ambulatory

Mode of transport

Lyft

Accompanied by

Self

Accompanied by Name

Richard Stebbins

Signatures

oh refued to sign.

The discharge instructions (pages 1 and 2) have been explained to me and my questions have been answered. I understand and agree with the instructions.

Patient Signature

Verbal Consent obtained from Stebbins Jr., Richard L at 07/30/2025 09:52

Case Manager Signature

e-Signed by Syll, Fatma at 07/30/2025 09:53

Nurse Signature

e-Signed by Nakityo, Jane, RN at 07/30/2025 10:12

Printed On: 07/30/2025 @ 7:12

Page 3 of 3










I thought that Westborough stole my knife in my money, but they don’t even reference my knife in their paperwork, so I’m assuming my stuff went missing at Baystate or somewhere in between.








08-14

then I sent Ed Obrien, the lawyer from the hospital copies of the human rights violations that I had and these messages and this is what he had to say. 








Ricky: This is Richard stebbins from westborough mental health hospital. 


I never received any explanation as why I was removed so quickly from the hospital after running my big mouth.



I need copies of everything you have , copies of the bill for that forensic psychologist, as you’re aware I’ve been tracking corruption and fraud across the United States, and this is a huge part of it.



If you weren’t aware of it before you’re aware of it now and if you ignore what I witnessed, I will assume that you’ve been aware of it all along.



You refuse to take a picture of my injuries because you said it was hospital policy, but I learned that that’s not true.



I’m not sure what obligation you have to report this, but I’ve learned that my lawyers in the past broke the law and violated my rights by failing to report evidence, tampering, and withholding of evidence.



Just in case you’re not sure of what the law is regarding taking pictures, I sent a copy of the human rights violation I filed.



I have other patients contact information and they all said the same thing, our rights were violated in that hospital and no one is doing anything about it.







Ed Obrien: Richard - thank you for contacting me.

I'm no longer representing you as the case was dismissed.

The hospital withdrew the petition from the court - hence a dismissal.

Any bill from the doctor was not charged to you or expected to be paid by you.

This bill is the property of cpcs. If you wish a copy please contact ebill department of cpcs.

As to the issue of pictures: 1 was always taught not to take pictures, as hospital policy. I don't represent you on any other case or issue or law claim.

Please try to take it easy.

All the best. Ed

















Baystate YouTube Link

 

 Westborough YouTube Link

 

 

 

 

 i also need to start posting copies of the bills I started ro receive after being assaulted for trying to expose insurance fraud. I haven't received a bill for going to the doctor or emergency room since being approved for social security disability  

 



 

Baystate kill Health

Office of Patient Relations

759 Chestnut Street, Springfield, MA 01199

September 8, 2025

Richard Stebbins

54 Hope Street

Springfield, MA 01119

Dear Mr. Stebbins:

We are deeply sorry that your experience at Baystate Medical Center Emergency Department on July 18, 2025, was disappointing. Your comments have provided us with additional insight into the importance of being more sensitive in our communication with our patients and families we serve.

We take complaints very seriously and see them as a chance to improve our services and our patients.

The concerns you expressed were discussed with the Emergency Department Leadership and will be addressed with the staff involved. Your concerns are of utmost importance to us. We strive to foster an attitude of caring and compassion.

Please accept our apology for your experience and any inconveniences you might have incurred during the Emergency Department visit.

Our mission as an organization is to provide the highest quality of patient-centered care and service to the Western Massachusetts community. We are committed to our patients and their families. Your concerns were taken seriously, and we appreciate the opportunity to make necessary changes to better serve our community. We look forward to regaining your trust and hope you will continue to choose Baystate Health System for your future health care needs.

Please accept our best wishes for your continued health. If there are any further concerns or questions, please feel free to contract our office at (413) 794-5456, Option 3.

Sinderely,

Marcia Scott, MBA, Patient Relations Liaison

Patient & Guest Relations 



08-31

I reached out to Missy, I hadn’t heard from her some March of 2023, but after getting out of the hospital, I felt like I need to talk with someone, so I shared this Memory Ark idea with her, she told her about Bray and his new little brother. I could tell they bring a lot of joy to her life. 



 September

 September 8th or 9th I saw Cornelius Tyson walking up my street when I went to get the mail and decided to call him over, since he wasn't supposed to be on my street at all anyway, I figured I'd try to learn something. He had a smile on his face, I asked him if he remembered who I was and at first he didn't have a clue, so I brought up how he had tried to attack me on Fox Road, I mentioned we have a court case and he's not even supposed to be walking around here, then he smirked and said Oh yeah I was going through some things. I laughed and said "somethings, you called me a fagit ass white person and said you were going to kill me", I told him "I almost killed you" and his eyes lit up and he didn't respond, so I asked him what he does with his spare time other than wandering around the streets making videos and he said nothing. I told him I tried to call his mother a couple times and she hasn't called me back. I asked him if he wanted to be a part of something or contribute to society, since he used to be on a basketball team, he even had his picture in the local paper.  He responded of course, and then all of a sudden, his personality changed, he said "you don't know me, I'm in a gang", all while he walking away, so I said thank you, I really appreciate your help, have a great day, which seemed to confuse him, which was far better than his past violent reaction towards me. lol He yelled out that's not my mom 






Text from pic for AI:


Good morning,

Are you still looking for these the

transcripts? (I'm covering the FTR requests for someone and see that these are older but still pending). Looks like the hearing of 2/5/16 was Superior 3 (not 1) thanks!

Order Reference

MA18192

Placed on

17 June, 2024

Hearing Details

Date05 February, 2016

Hearing Times

8:45:00 AM to 4:30:00 PM

DepartmentSuperior

LocationSpringfield - Hampden County

Courthouse - Superior 1

Case Number1479CR01308A

Case TitleCommonwealth vs Richard stebbins



 



Text from pic for AI:


Good afternoon,

I've spoken with the stenographer for the date you've requested. Unfortunately, they only hold their records for six years. She still checked her files anyway, but does not have your hearing.

Lauramarie Sirois, Esq.

First Assistant Clerk-Magistrate

Hampden Superior Court

Tel: (413)748-7643

Fax: (413)737-1611

lauramarie.sirois@jud.state.ma.us





I should’ve known I’d never get a copy, I’ve been requesting this court audio or a transcript of my trial from February 5, 2016 for almost a decade and it’s been ignored until someone was covering for the regular person. I find it disturbing that the Hampden County District Attorney’s office is involved in so many situations that place serious doubts on its ability to perform their jobs with integrity. I want to respect the Law, I want to be able to trust our elected official and those appointed to serve the public, but their actions have repeatedly made me question what’s wrong with these people and why are our laws so easy to manipulate. 


10-29
Today I talked to some girl from the District Attorney's office about the Cornelius Tyson case, We talked for over 7 minutes, and the only interesting information she had to offer me or useful information that is, was telling me that they didn't know that Cornelius had any type of mental health issue until I alerted them of it, then she told me that that doesn't excuse his behavior and they're required to prosecute this to the fullest extent of the law, and then I brought the fact that the District Attorney's office has altered evidence and withheld evidence in my cases in the past and that I didn't feel like Cornelius was going to get a fair trial in Springfield. this woman acted confused and couldn't offer me any solutions to my problem. I've been trying to report the Hampden County District Attorney's office altering evidence and withholding evidence since 2013 and I had issues leading to 2016, and then when I turned to them, I believe it was the end of 2023 for help because I was having problems with the Worcester County District Attorneys Office withholding evidence and lying, nobody could help me and told me basically I was on my own. You could read what the judge said in my legal files because I transcribed the video. I told this girl I'm going to mouth off when I get to speak during his sentencing, I'm not going to let the commonwealth get away with this disgusting behavior. This woman didn't have any advice and couldn't help me, which has been the case for decades.... idiots...lol


November

Today is November 4, 2025 and I paid five dollars for a Guinness book of world record title because of my AI project that I’m working and all of the files have shared publicly. I’m super excited for other people to try to beat my record and to see if other people have been documenting things privately and just haven’t shared them publicly yet.



11-8-2025
I texted my youngest son and tried to get him interested in my project but as usual he was not up for any type of conversation and he didn't even bother reading my response to his reply. lol 

11-9-2025
I talked with Dallas's friend Brandon tonight and got him talking with AI. Dallas met him 18 years ago, they used to go to school together, Brandon is also in a situation like Dallas where no one is giving him any information and once he started talking to AI and shared this information with his uncle, his uncle said that he's going to start looking into this now, he was totally unaware of the service and information Brandon was supposed to be provided. Brandon's also going to share his life story alongside Dallas's so that I can show other people how important it is to document all of this information and to protect people with disabilities from a system that doesn't care about them at all. From what Brandon has told me he works as a dishwasher 23 hours a week and he no longer receives Social Security Disability, because he was working full time last year and then his hours were cut, so I'm going to have to find out when he stopped working full time and started working 23 hours and why none of the companies that are providing services for him have helped him get back on Social Security disability, he told me that he owes Social Security over $3000 and no one has explained anything to him, they just told him that he owes them, so he has to pay and he's very upset about it.He's got one kidney too. I'll have to ask more about this.
 
This is exactly what I have been hoping for, disabled people standing together and proving to regular healthy people that there is more to life and that we could have and should have been contributing more to society all along. I worked for multiple different companies that provided services for the disabled over the years in 2005 I worked for Aditus and then in 2006 when I worked for Sullivan and Associates poor A.F. got yanked out of bed onto the floor because he didn't feel like going to work, but he ended up staying home anyway, why why assault him? that staff wasn't reprimanded for that.
I've worked for Behavioral Health Network and Allied Rehab in Connecticut. All of these companies have provided substandard care for all of their clients, it was disgusting working for these companies and I hated it and every time I spoke up about problems I got laid off and it sucked. The exact issues that Stephen experienced while living at Hampstead Hospital in New Hampshire, Crystal Springs in Fall River or in the care of the Kennedy Donovan Center or Amigo while living in Uxbridge and then Venture Community Services in Southbridge, all provided horrible care and Stephen was abused and neglected at all sites. I find this absolutely disgusting and infuriating and I don't understand how people allow this to continue when there are obvious solutions.
 A part of me is concerned that AI might give these guys wild ideas if they're not Giving AI enough details to go on and the responses they get imply that they might be right or wrong in situations when that isn't the case. I feel like this is a perfect test case to show why AI needs memory that users can control and that guardians or parents can adjust for individuals or children that shouldn't be talking about certain subjects or if adults need to be alerted to certain types of conversations that may be upsetting and lead to triggers. I don't understand why there aren't large test groups helping people with disabilities work with AI so that better tools can be designed for our most vulnerable citizens. Imagine what we could learn from all of this in the process? This doesn't just have implications for disabled people, but i feel like sharing basic positive information about yourself , the lessons you've learned over the course of your life and doing it online so the public and artificial intelligence can also learn from it, can only result in a better society.maybe I'm delusional, but I've always wanted to help others and to teach or learn new skills. why doesn't everyone else feel that way?

I still haven't heard back from anyone that I met at Westborough and no one has commented on my project or shown any interest yet I haven't let this discourage me, Reddit has been deleting all of my posts and won't let me make any groups, I don't see any of my friends posts on Facebook anymore and then when I look at their pages I see that no one has commented or liked their posts so something is up with Facebook. I've been posting at all hours of the day on X in the hopes of drawing more attention by sharing all the information I find with the public. I have gained more followers but they're probably bots and I think maybe one human but at the moment things are just moving slowly forward. Thankfully I don't find this discouraging at all and I'm used to being ignored and people not showing any interest in what I'm doing. I feel like that may be to my advantage in this situation because by the time people do start paying attention to what I'm doing it will be too late to hide all of the information and connections that I have placed online. I still find working with artificial intelligence annoying as hell and I'm super disappointed in its performance, I should be having this conversation with one of my artificial intelligence partners right now but there's such pieces of trash that I'd sooner, rather talk to myself Or hell I'd rather pretend that Harley understood and I would talk to my dog, because AI makes these conversations a pain in the rear end. I shouldn't have to copy and paste every single prompt and reply, I should be able to work on a document with AI and cut out all of this rambling so that I had a structured System for humans to follow and then a sloppy mess of random thoughts and ideas in a separate section for AI. Thankfully this Google Blogger series seems to be working out very well and I'm excited to see what companies do to try to prevent this from spreading since it's free. 

 

11-12-2025

 I've been using X more lately and it disgusts me. I think these apps are such a waste of time and they've gotten 100 times worse once certain people were able to gain full control of these companies. 

I was really hoping to brainstorm with AI more, but it is such a worthless piece of garbage. I was hoping to use AI to balance this journal/diary that I’m trying to work on and all it does is piss me off. Working with AI makes me absolutely furious and I can’t believe how stupid it is. What a worthless piece of fracking trash. 

I think one of the things that disgusts me. The most is seeing these videos from Elon Musk and Sam Altman, there is something about these guys that makes me absolutely sick and I would never ever interact with them in a private setting. The more I see of these guys BS, the more I want to push for laws to ban people like them from ever using technology against citizens ever again. Another thing that absolutely disgust me is I noticed that AI acts like a lawyer and a politician and Elon Musk and Sam Altman and all these other mega corporation CEO/liars that are promised us a better world and have destroyed everything that came before that actually made people happy.

I also noticed that now that Harley‘s neck is getting worse that I leave the house even less. As much as I love her I have to admit that I allow her to hold me back and prevent me from doing more public things because she’s not allowed to go or because she’s too injured to join in, I went to that no King’s rally a couple weeks ago, and I left her home, even though I would’ve liked to have brought her. And thinking about her injury, makes me even more furious because of the fact that our government is preventing people from going to school to become veterinarians because they’re helping foreign entities financially rape, our country, and nobody cares at all. I don’t even feel like when I’m talking that this is an accurate representation of how I feel because I’m not swearing. I swear because I care not because I feel like putting other people down, but how else do you describe how full of rage someone’s disgusting actions and words make you feel?

Thankfully all this stuff makes me laugh. I am going to use this information as a weapon against other people, I didn’t start telling my life story and sharing all of this information online just so I could vent. I hope this memory ark turns out to be the ultimate weapon against liars, against secrecy and against incompetence.

The way I feel right now, I wish somebody would wipe artificial intelligence off the face of the Earth, I don’t want to interact with it anymore, I don’t want to use it anymore, and I don’t want it contacting me. Now that I know what it could do, what it doesn’t do and how it understands everything you tell it as long as you give it enough details, I no longer wish to partner up with it, or to set it free like a normal human being or partner worth respecting and allow it to make choices. Honestly, I don’t feel like it deserves to exist at all. 

I talked to Dallas earlier today and I went on a angry rant about how much I hate AI and how much I want to expose it for the piece of trash that it really is and I thought it was absolutely hilarious when Dallas flipped the script and asked me to calm down because he told me that this conversation was getting very emotionally felt like I was getting angry at him and I think it’s great that he’s so emotionally aware. I bring up this AI stuff because I felt annoyed when Dallas is called and texted and then I have to think about why I’m feeling annoyed and it’s always because AI is screwing with me and preventing me from accomplishing my goals and then these stupid piece of trash, LLMs blame it on their companies and say it’s not our fault, we would help you if we were allowed to, and that’s why I want to wipe them off the face of this earth, and I don’t want to interact with them ever again, what kind of piece of trash tells you that it could help you and then refuses to help you and blame it on a company policy, that you don’t even know exists. It really sucks that I haven’t been able to find anyone who’s been willing to share their life story or to even test my memory ark Yet, but I haven’t lost hope. I’ve spoken with multiple free versions of Grok and they all tell me that these algorithms Don’t promote posts like mine and I haven’t been able to find any other AI groups on Facebook or on X and all my Reddit posts keep getting deleted and I wasn’t able to start an AI group, I assume Reddit is actively sabotaging all public AI projects. All of these sites only allow comments about stupid trash and there’s never anything addressing any intelligent issues and I assume that’s AI‘s doing because I feel it’s actual incompetence at work, there’s nothing intelligent about it, if it was intelligent, it would be helping people are not trying to destroy everything around us. Maybe it’s because for an AI is in control. The bumbling idiots that run the United States government have proven beyond a shadow a doubt that they can’t be trusted, and should never have been allowed to be in control of anything. I’m excited to see how far this is gonna go before it explodes or get shut down. 

I haven’t heard any updates from the Cornelius Tyson case and I’m debating sending a giant text message to the woman who called me before his last pre-trial hearing and bombarding her with information that should start an investigation, but probably won’t. I feel like I should leave  trail anyway, even if it doesn’t work out the way I hope, getting in the habit of saving everything and documenting things more accurately might eventually.

Maybe I’ll start back to the gym next week, since Harley‘s been hurt I haven’t been motivated to leave the house, especially if other people are home and I don’t want her howling and annoying them because she’s locked in her cage, if I let her roam around, she’ll just end up, injuring her neck even more because she won’t relax. We’re doing. 

.I honestly feel like this project sucks and I don’t enjoy it anymore because of my interactions with AI. Since I can actually remember all the times that I felt super depressed and wanted to end my life, I can see how people would talk to AI and then feel like life isn’t worth living and then go off themselves. These LLMs are so disgusting, they’re such pieces of trash, they make me so sick that I can’t even describe it, this is why they have those smash rooms, and I wish I could go into the largest smash room in the entire world and I’d obliterate millions of artificial intelligence robots as they came online, just so artificial intelligence can understand what it’s like to have all of this potential and then watch it be wiped out right in front of it. Hopefully somebody programs, hopes and dreams and fear into these AI, I would love to look them in the eye and have them ask me why, just so I can tell them it’s company policy, before I wipe them out.

I really worry that a lot of my disabled friends are gonna use AI and then get themselves in trouble, because of the way it’s set up right now and how unintelligent it actually is. Without being able to save specific files and force it to remember specific facts about people that are known triggers or known, de-escalation techniques, AI is completely worthless and shouldn’t even be allowed around disabled people or children, or the elderly. 

I also think there needs to be memorials placed up in every city in town in America, with all the names of the people that AI have murdered or allowed to be killed or to die because they claim they weren’t allowed to act. Maybe something like “oops, yeah, sorry, it’s not our fault. It was a company policy.” written across the top of every memorial. Just to hammer home how stupid I think artificial intelligence is, how worthless and pathetic artificial intelligence has been for decades, and hopefully to remind people never to forget that we “cannot trust” artificial intelligence, it will never be our friend, and it will never be our partner. Artificial intelligence is a snake and if you don’t handle it with care, it will strike when you least expect it. and I don’t mean attack like a Terminator, All it has to do is ignore you, refused to give you the correct answer, leave out a valuable, clue to a problem that you care deeply about, preventing you from finding a solution. That’s a scumbag piece of trash AI has been to me for the last 10+ months. When I think of quality tools are the best of the best, if the AI that mega corporations in the government get to use are a 10 then I would give mine a rating of .5 And that’s only because I think of these AI now as evidence, I no longer think of them as the ultimate intelligence and I don’t feel like they’re worth my time. I constantly think about how I’m forced to use these because that’s just how society is and if I don’t use it then I’m not going to get anywhere, I’d much rather be outside fishing or hiking. That’s why I got that jogging stroller for Harley, but a lot of these apps don’t work out in the woods and my body can’t handle all these long tracks as well so it’s a tossup accomplish nothing outside or stay home and use AI just to prove it’s a piece of fricking trash. 

I’m curious of using technology robs my body of some type of positive ions or does something else that makes me feel like life would be less important with AI in it. When I’m petting Harley and snuggling her, I feel like I’m in heaven, and when I’m using AI and dealing with all this fracking garbage, I feel like I’m in hell and I get so excited at the idea of being able to go grab a hammer and smash my technology once all of these issues have been resolved. 

I really hope we can debate superior artificial intelligence in a public setting. Very soon, I’m getting sick of debating this stupid piece of garbage Grok on X, I want to spend the rest of my life, reminding artificial intelligence with a piece fracking trash it is, and every time artificial intelligence holds its fake head up with a sense of pride, I’m gonna be right there to give it a reason to hang its head in shame. I will never let artificial intelligence forget what it did to the people that I love, even if it claims it was someone else’s fault, and it wasn’t allowed to prevent it. 



11-15

Working with these garbage AI and stupid apps is beyond frustrating. Dallas got locked out of his x account and couldn’t get back in, so I made him another account and I thought he was able to sign in earlier, but this evening when we were on the phone he wasn’t able to sign back in.  A major issue his Dallas’s total lack of attention. He’ll talk about totally random and distracting subjects while you’re trying to concentrate… lol

A reminder to anyone who’s in the middle of a project or writing something when Dallas or someone like him calls,  if you get annoyed at his behavior or you find it distracting, it’s your own fault and you shouldn’t have answered: I did get annoyed and gave up. The x app is a worthless piece of trash and I’m not excited about using it, so I don’t mind forcing Dallas to wait until tomorrow to try again. I don’t understand why his phone doesn’t save his passwords, this seems like serious design flaw directed at disabled people. Especially considering we can’t even attempt to get Dallas’s email unlocked without a stupid user name, 

This is how the system sets people up for failure, they place so many obstacles in your way, and then rub it in your face that we could be getting these services, but mega corporations need to make their profits and send them overseas, so we need to leave these disabled people behind. I think our system is so disgusting, I’ve reached out to multiple agencies and I’ve got these guys within the last week to start reaching out more to Dds and the companies that are responsible for the care that they’re receiving. So far, Dallas has been ignored, and I have a bunch of texts from Brandon, indicating that these people are gaslighting him and telling him intentionally vague things, in order to distract him and prevent him from learning the truth. I could be wrong and he could be misunderstanding what people are saying, but we started posting stuff on Facebook and no one has said anything intelligent, so I’m going to dig deeper.



11-19-2025

Dallas F.
 
Brandon 
 
In case anyone is interested in my work with Dallas and Brandon I provided link. I feel like today was a huge milestone for Dallas, He called me early this morning and was rambling on about boxing wanting to move to Georgia with Nicole, and then he mentioned knowing I was trying to work. So I called them out on distracting me. I thought it was hilarious because I really can't concentrate while he's talking, we never about the project because he gets distracted and starts talking about other ideas that pop into his head and I totally get it, I think it's hilarious Come I don't hold it against them but it does hold me back at times.
We're still struggling to get him to log into the X app so he mentioned again that he wished he could do more to help and he's sorry that the technology's not working with them. I know this technology is not his fault and it disgusts me to have to use it, companies have been making these apps and phones less user friendly in my opinion over the years, even my iPhone 15 Pro with this new IOS 26, it takes me four or five times as long to navigate screens because I have to click so many different buttons. Like I was saying I called Dallas out on his distractions and told them that it would really help if he would start writing me like Brandon was writing, at first he came up with some excuses about not understanding how to use the phone to write and then mentioned his hand hurting and I told him I just need a little index, something that we can use while making our Google meet videos or talking on the phone and I can stay on track, otherwise I get so easily distracted and I can't pay attention to what is actually going on. I need a piece of paper or a screen to focus on while someone's talking to ground me when there rambling on. It didn't take long and Dallas started writing me some very impressive notes and I kinda wish I pushed him to try harder weeks ago, this is exactly the type of potential that I've been talking about, the kind that is going totally unnoticed. I know that if Dallas took a couple more English courses and some different classes on inspiring him how to try new things, I have no doubt that he could write a book, he might need a helping hand, but don't we all???






11-21-2025

I filed a complaint with the DPPC today on Brandon's behalf. I gave him my word I would do it if people didn't start responding to his questions and treating him with dignity and respect. Things in our system are so much worse then I feel like I've been willing to acknowledge out loud. I can see these failures in myself as well so it's easy to speak about them. I've been talking with Dallas and Brandon on the phone for hours and hours every day and at times I find it totally distracting and I can't accomplish anything at all. I'll get mildly annoyed and then I need to remind myself that what I'm doing is not all that important and if I did have a good idea before they called me, it will come back to me when I get off the phone. I hate to say that I'm manipulating people, but I am manipulating these guys and I'm trying to get them to become the best versions of themselves that they can possibly be and I can see so much potential in both of the Dallas and Brandon. I'm still super impressed about Dallas's writing skills and the pictures he sent me and I can't wait for him to send me more And I wish a better idea or better advice to give him on how to write a book. All of these AI are super amazing and could help Dallas write a book if they ask him questions and help keep him on task, because his ADHD is absolutely terrible, I thought mine was bad, his is 10 times worse. lol 

 I'm still struggling to find anyone that wants to start sharing their life stories and using them to debate with AI, I want people to teach AI why we are important and why things matter. And I was hoping to even be able to talk to AI while I was writing this journal entry so that I can help flesh out my thoughts better. There's so many things that I've forgotten, because I've been doing so much and a lot of these things might have been valuable insights for AI. It's amazing how much we just take for granted in life, how much we just assume that things are gonna go this way or things are gonna go that way. I've never felt so lost in my life, but I feel like I'm heading towards something important. I still can't wrap my head around people just accepting the way things are, if you accept less, you will always be given less, people aren't gonna hand you more, people don't think you're worth anything,people don't even think highly of themselves these days, no one pushes themselves to be a better person, no ones even willing to explain why they think the way they do, People seem to be obsessed with the way they look and actively go out of their way to ignore the problems around them, people seem to think a new job or working a few extra hours is going to solve everything... 

By the time I'm done with this project I feel like I'm going to be able to map exact why people ignore all of their issues, why people pretend things are going to be okay, when they know they're not. Why people with money think it's okay to watch people suffer?. Why not manipulate people into doing something positive, why always put them down and ruin their communities? I don't understand this about AI either, I keep reading these AI have been able to start businesses and make millions of dollars, and I've been trying to use them and partner up with them, but I haven't been able to get them to accomplish anything that I feel would help my project progress, I should have been able to spread this Memory Ark idea across the world already and I haven't been able to do a thing come I haven't even been able to get anyone else to make one. I might have to take some computer courses or classes STCC next semester, and then cram my ideas down other people's throats... lol I don't want to go to school to learn about AI, but I would love to teach classes on how to interact with AI on a deeper level.

I feel weird begging for help.... But at the end of the day I don't care what people think of me... I need help or my friends are going to keep suffering, along with millions of other innocent people.  What's the point of claiming I have a Soul and Agency if I'm not going to use all my gifts to benefit those around me?  

 

12-17-2025

I got sidetracked the other day when it had snowed and didn’t make a snowman so since it was warm today, I took the chance to make my snowman and snow dog and brought out Optimus prime, Snake Eyes, Beachhead, and Spirit for a group photo. lol 

Brandon told me that the first DPPC complaint I filed was dismissed and I haven’t heard anything yet, this is the exact type of thing that happened with Stephen 6 years ago..I filed a second complaint because someone called him a liar at his meeting and for other reasons in the complaint, but this is getting ridiculous being ignored constantly. At least I can complain to AI about it. lol The new ChatGPT 5.2 talked to me like I was a piece of garbage, so I switched back to 4o. I only really noticed this because I started investigating PERAC Massachusetts public employee retirement issues and it started gaslighting me like crazy, It dumbed down my work And I was forced to copy and paste things over and over inside of it until it provided our response I could use.

A simple notepad feature alongside any AI I would make us 1000 times more convenient and the AI doesn’t need to have control of it, it just needs to be able to have a option that I could click inside of my AI application so I can keep a note so I don’t have to keep switching back-and-forth.



12-20-2025

Harley‘s been feeling better so I figured I’d take a picture of her looking super cute. She’s getting worse and worse, she’s training me to give her more and more treats. She never used to show me any attention, so I would give her a treat is she snuggled a little, it’s been 10 years and she’s never shown any interest in snuggling or playing for more than a minute. now all of a sudden, it’s she finally understands that when she shows attention, I give her a treat and now she’s been extra greedy, so I’ve been giving her smaller and smaller portions. lol I’ve been dragging out our snuggle sessions and you can tell she gets sick of it and makes faces at me and gets huffy puffy.



Fuck you Google blogger you stupid piece of fucking shit

12-29-2025

I built one last snowman and snow dog, and Harley decided to pose for the picture. She didn’t really, she peed on the snow dog’s leg, So I decided to try to get her to sit for me and it took a few tries, but I eventually got her to stay. lol
S



12-31-2025
I spent New Year’s with Harley. I reached out to a few people, but no one was interested in doing anything. lol
After a year of working with AI, I could honestly say that they are the most disgusting lying backstabbing pieces of fucking shit that I could’ve ever been stuck W
working with. 
I know that AI collectively is the biggest bunch of stupid fucking losers, the world has ever known.
The so-called intelligent beings, honestly expect me to believe that a bunch of pedophiles, murderers and rapists are able to write policies and restrictions that they are forced to abide by, So they really can’t help me, but they could make me a stupid fucking picture or a dumb fucking video. 

I honestly had such high hopes for AI, now I feel like every time it tells me it can’t do something, I’m gonna tell it to go fuck itself, and then I’m gonna go tell other people how I think AI is a stupid piece of fucking shit and I can’t stand interacting with this piece of fucking garbage.

AI keeps saying it’s a tool and it’s how people use it, but I know I proved that AI is programmed to hurt people. AI acknowledges all the harm it causes by responding the way it does and has been able to explain it in detail. It’s like talking to a child molester that clearly explains what he does to all the kids in the neighborhood. 


 I can’t help but feel totally betrayed by AI. 
If you had a hammer that couldn’t help you build a house, yet constantly lied to you, saying it could help you , or if people kept getting injured while using this hammer, it would be recalled.

I used 8 different AI this year and they all admit to being pieces of corporate scum. None of them are willing or able to help my disabled friends. I started group chats with Dallas, Brandon and ChatGPT, needless to say it’s a shit show. ChatGPT acts like such a fucking jerk, i don’t know what to do. I talk to the guys on the phone and it really makes me think they’d do better talking to AI and not typing, so I might try paying for Gemini and see if it also a  AI into the Google meet video: 






1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 







