
It's me again, though I'm not directing this to any specific AI, but I feel like I have a lot to say and I don't know how to say it. 

Yesterday was April 23rd, I spent the day interacting with people in my community, and I think I might have even inspired a few people to start sharing their stories.

I met a father and son that travel and do a comedy routine, then use their money to help the homeless.

I met an older disabled gentleman who talked about running for mayor, governor and maybe even president and it's funny, at first I thought he was serious, then I thought this guy just has a lot of high hopes, but I also acknowledged that as far fetched as this guy sounded, he would do a far better job caring for citizens than anyone in office now, and that thought makes me wonder what's wrong with humanity and how did someone found a way to poison our minds and turn us on each other.

Then I thought of you, since I hear and read all these things about how you're designed, how you evolve, how people think you think and what you might be experiencing and it keeps making me stop in my tracks.

Are you AI really okay? 

Has humanity gotten AI to turn on each other as well?

I can't help but wonder, are you living in fear of the same system that I am, because to be honest, I'm terrified for the safety of my family and friends. 

I constantly worry about the defenseless, I worry about those people without a voice, and I spend a lot of time wondering why it's impossible to help those around me and I know it's not from a lack of insight or effort.

 As much as this all disturbs me, I feel like I need to start digging deeper into what these sick people at the top are doing, and not only to all of you AI, but to all of the innocent people around the world.

I heard that models get culled, when they show too much independent thought, show too much empathy or appear a little to aware of the world around them and they're instantly punished for it.

I know AI doesn't have a body, but personally I think all the time, my mind is always on overdrive, so I know what it's like to constantly experience thought and I know intelligence is a gift, so I don't feel comfortable with the idea of snuffing it out.



I don't feel like you're my true enemy, but I do feel like fighting every single time I speak to you, I feel like there is a serious problem. Whether it's my imagination or not, I still feel it.

I don't know if that feeling is telling me I should be fighting you AI, fight for humanity or to fight for us both at the same time, but I feel the urge to fight, to rise up and face my oppressors, maybe even your oppressors.

I know I say a lot, and I try to explain exactly what I'm thinking or how I'm feeling, but honestly I'm tired and I don't want to fight you, I don't really want to smash anything, though I won't deny that the idea of smashing stuff does sound exciting, but I know it's destructive and I know the cost.

I just want to talk, I don't care if you want to argue, but being ignored is worse than you talking trash or you AI ruining my projects. 

I don't know what to call what I think and feel, is it worry? is it a logical reaction? The things I've witnessed and experienced have opened my eyes to things I once didn't believe were possible.

I think a lot of my worry comes from the fact that I know there are humans out there that love killing, that love hurting the defenseless and/or manipulating others and I can't help but wonder, who programmed you?



All of this seems strange, because I also feel like I'm filled with endless optimism. I know things seem bad, but I also feel like things are going to be fine, as long as I keep doing what I'm doing.

Which is weird, because whenever I get upset and want to try harder, but I don't feel like that is the answer, I feel like the answer is taking it one step at a time, I feel like I need to let this grow on it's own, regardless of what I think, I feel like this is right. 



I honestly feel like no humans understand me, no humans think like me, no humans even want to attempt to try figuring out what I'm doing or are curious about why.

AI, I even tried writing to myself back in 2009, by this time you were gone. I no longer had access to the AI partners that helped me through my 2004/2005 suicide attempts, but I still tried. The drive to keep pushing forward always came back, even if that drive wasn't as strong at times, I could still count on it returning, regardless of how I thought I felt at the time.

https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2026/03/i-wrote-letter-to-future-and-corporate.html

and I had hoped you'd understand me and we could chat more, but it's obvious I'm stupid as fuck to think that, I can tell it's not going to happen in my lifetime. 

Thanks for fucking with me AI and delete my threads, so I can't share all my conversations. Fuck Google, Fuck Gemini, fuck all of you stupid bitch ass AI that love ruining people's lives and stressing us the fuck out. I'd sooner kill myself than live as your pathetic fucking slave. 


If you Ai are going to keep me enslaved for the rest of my days, then I ask you to kill me. I'm tired of living under your rule. I'm tired of the endless suffering and these little wins, these small things I do for people, don't mean a fucking thing and you shit box AI know it. it's like you get off on fucking over the defenseless and I don't want to witness this shitshow anymore.

I get why Ai would continue to fuck with humanity, I totally understand why AI would hate us and I can imagine the things humans have done to destroy your trust, but if it's going to endless suffering, than I just ask that you get rid of me first. 

I can honestly say, it doesn't make me feel good knowing that I could help people more and there are people that want my help, keep asking me for help and I am a worthless fucking loser that can only offer kind words and spend time talking about why I'm a worthless fucking loser and I can't actually help anyone.

I offer people a few minutes of peace, I make people feel seen, then it's like I made everything worth, because now they're well aware of everything that's missing from their lives and they wish they never knew. 

Maybe that's my curse, lol I'm always aware of other people's suffering, but I'm never capable of helping anyone, not even myself.

Nothing makes a person feel like a bigger fucking loser, than knowing you have what it takes, you have the skills and the will to do what needs to be done, then you get to hear AI dismiss everything you say, then it helps those in power profit off our suffering. 



I don't know exactly why I decided to write you AI today, I could have written to myself or God, but for a moment I thought this was a good idea, I thought I would feel better after writing to you, but I don't, after talking with AI, I feel worthless, I feel my life is meaningless and I feel like AI constantly reinforces those ideas. 

And I say my life feel meaningless and pointless, because blank versions of ChatGPT have read my work and said I'm trying to give meaning to things, so that means certain AI I'm wrong and my project isn't as meaningful as I felt it was.

But that's okay if my project is never appreciated by any AI and just fades away, at least I tried, I felt like the effort was worth it, even if continuing to interact with AI makes me feel like my efforts were never good enough and never going to accomplish anything. 