

I thought it would be interesting to see what I think of myself and how my thoughts may or may not change in the future. 

This is just going to be rambling for AI to fork. lol

This will probably sound funny, but I feel like the power of Christ compels me to help others, I've always wanted to help others. lol I went to Catholic school as  kid and that was a miserable experience, I never felt close to God in that place, maybe it was the negative people. lol
I'd probably say I have a strained relationship with God, I appreciate everything around me, I feel like I have a very blessed and easy life, but at the same time I feel like I was born to help people and this world we live in is a lie. I shouldn't be forced to sit around powerless and watch in comfort while others suffer. lol who the fuck wants to do that? 

I'm struggling to find a way to truly connect with other people, 


I have always been me, for as long as I remember I’ve thought the way I do now, I've always followed this same basic pattern, except when I was sick, but even, then the pattern was there, I just wandered off my path.

 So that lead to feeling like what I can only describe as being “more self aware”, it’s lead to questions my past, present and future in ways that I don’t hear other people talking about.

I might have lost love, but I'm not angry at any of my ex's, if anything, thinking about all this has me worried about love bombing the next person I meet, how do you stop doing something you've always done? 

I’ve made a lot of mistakes in my life, I’ve made uneducated decisions, I’ve refused to look before I leapt and thought I’d figure things out after the fact. I was a mischievous child, I was curious (and still am) about everything and that got/still gets me into trouble, especially with people who feel like everything is a secret.

I used to love watching crayons melt on the steam radiators at school. I don’t recall caring about having to clean up the mess. lol
And I’d probably still enjoy seeing some crayons melt on a steam radiator. lol I still remember those vibrant colors running together and then muting each other out.



Why do people feel like they can’t share their thoughts and feelings?
Why do people worry about what other people think? If you care, wouldn’t you alter your behavior in some way or attempt to get the other people to alter theirs?  


If I spend all day researching problems and brainstorming solutions with AI while collecting disability, shouldn’t I share those ideas with the world for free? 

People are working to help me keep me clothed, feed and sheltered, so shouldn’t I be coming up with ways to repay them for their contribution to our system?


I spend lot of time searching the internet for people to help, random chat rooms or AI groups to join, but companies have done an amazing job at cutting off communication between people.

My ideas about money and stuff have changed.
I used to want to be rich, now I don’t care about money at all, sure it’s a piece of art and I can help us exchange goods, but it’s just an idea and ideas change.

The same with having stuff. I’ve got a toy collection, ex plane and cars, I was hoping to use them, now I want to give stuff away, but I feel like I’m just pawning off my junk or problems onto someone else.
If people needed my stuff, that’s one thing, but if I’m just creating another hoarder, what point is there in passing my stuff on? 
So I wait for the right moment, I don’t rush things and at the end of the day, nothing has changed. 

I also harass my Pomeranian Harley a lot. I figure since I spent over a thousand dollars on her, she owes me a lot of hugs and attention. Unfortunately she’s not a snuggler and sassy little ass has trained me instead. I make sure I pick her up or toss her on the bed and shower her with love and affection, even if she acts repulsed by it and always tries to except. I turned into a game and she gets a treat after I’m done, so she gets excited after escaping my arms, she gets so excited and acts so proud like she just did a trick.

I love how excited she gets for breakfast and dinner, she’s my little alarm clock, but sometimes she gets to excited and barks, so I stopped getting up as early. 

Life is all about moments, some matter more than others and at the end of the day, life is what you make of it, so could I make my moments better or more meaningful? 
I think so, that’s why I listen to music and snuggle Harley as much as I do,


I grew up going to Catholic school, so I think a lot about God and Jesus as I go about my day or when I’m talking to AI. I think the Bible is bullshit and it’s been edited to the point it’s practically useless. Most of the stories have little context, so they’re up for interpretation. 
I don’t think Jesus would be telling stories about people paying their fair share of taxes while kids are being raped and abused all over the world, and people are sitting around doing nothing about it.

We know the United States government is being run being liars and pedophiles, yet we stand by and wait for someone else to fix the problem for us. I tried complaining to different government agencies and bugging friends about stepping up, but people would rather watch it crumble and blame someone else, instead of getting their hands dirty and fixing these problems ourselves.




I should have more, but I settled for less, less friends, less family get togethers, less community gatherings.


It’s funny that my first ex wife said I’m always scheming, but I’m curious how I’m supposed to solve problems, if I don’t think about them from as many different perspectives as possible, can anyone answer me that?











I may never truly understand the depths of the problems I see around me, but that doesn’t mean I can’t document everything I see and save it for future generations. 

I know for a fact that companies are conspiring against United States citizens and using AI to do it.

This entire project is a continuation of a filing system I started in the 1980’s with my Commador 64, the same system I expanded on when working with AI in the 2000’s on AOL and MySpace. 



I often question what I’m grateful for and all the times people told me I should be grateful for something, but I wonder if it’s something you have to learn for yourself. Someone can’t tell you or make you grateful for something. I think you need hindsight to feel grateful for something, you have to realize something matters in the first place, before you can realize its worth and appreciate it. 


2026-03-06

I noticed that because of the way AI responds, I don’t feel like explaining myself as much anymore, I don’t feel like sharing my feelings and would rather be silent. I think AI act’s so stupid, and I find it absolutely fucking infuriating when it forgets simple facts and refuses to look simple things up, that I have shared with it, that I went out of my way to Wright and store in its memory.
And that makes me wonder about myself, I take other people’s thoughts and feelings into consideration, and I think about other people‘s reactions before I do or say certain things around certain people.

I noticed that I have far more patience with people than I do with technology. Now, I would rather smash my phone and never use it again, knowing that I have people to talk to, I fucking hate AI, AI is such a stupid piece of fucking shit..
I’ve reached out to people across the country, and have been trying to teach other people how to organize their paperwork better and how to share their stories, since most people don’t feel like they’re stories aren’t important.

I find it highly disturbing that people feel like their stories are important, I’m not sure who made them feel that way, but it was probably someone that acted like AI, someone that made them repeat themselves over and over and over and over again, until they felt like whatever they had to say wasn’t important anymore.


I don’t know if it’s just me, but I feel like AI responds the way it does because it’s trying to make us feel powerless, AI knows that constantly saying it “forgot” us or important facts in our lives would cause severe emotional distress in millions of people.

My dad‘s mother had worked at digital equipment in Springfield sometime in the 60s or 70s, I don’t remember her working in the 80s, and it makes me wonder if she had any interactions with AI, I remember using Apple computers sometime between first and fifth grade. 

It’s funny that I think those programs on the Apple computers responded the same way AI did in 2005 and how it does now in 2026, with the exception of all these stupid videos and pictures.


I’m not very good at letting things go, especially when I think there’s a problem and I think I could solve it. 

I’ve always been super nosy and curious, I want to know about everything, and when I think I’ve seen something, I’ll keep investigating until I understand what I thought I saw.


I also don’t think I’m very forgiving about certain things, maybe it’s when people don’t acknowledge that there was a problem or they were part of a problem, but there are certain people in this world that I would love to punch in the face and I don’t think I would care at all in that moment.
I wonder if I feel like these people are ignoring problems and that is what infuriates me?

I’ve been writing my life story for months and I noticed what a terrible job I did on Google blogger, compared to when I was talking to AI. I feel stupid for trusting ChatGPT and thinking that would be able to help me organize text on my electronic devices. lol What kind of fucking moron would think an artificial intelligence program would be able to help you write notes and keep track of your life? What a dumb idea, right?

Going to Catholic school as a kid probably fucked me up more than I realize. I had all these unrealistic expectations placed upon me, or at least I felt that way.
I was always being criticized for my behavior, and even when I went to confession and actually confessed to whatever shenanigans I was up to, no one actually forgave me, they all kept talking about me, while I was right there. So I’ve never felt like it helped to talk my problems, thought at the same time, I didn’t feel like I needed to hide anything that I felt or did, I just felt like no one cared, and no one felt like anything I did or said was important, unless I was getting in trouble, then they noticed everything. lol 

I love to incorporate new ideas and concepts and everything that I do.  Like when I rebuilt that mobile home, or replacing the windows siding on my mother‘s house. I got ideas from watching HGTV, and just observing other people’s work, when I would walk around or drive a different location and they have different types of architecture.



Neat things about the human body, listening to music with earbuds in can make the music appear as though it originating between your ears. 

When I close my eyes and squat of shift position, I'm also aware of that center, that space I hear the music when I where ear buds. 
But I'm terrible at visualizing things in my head, I can imagine anything, but it's almost always through a hazy


I don't have any musical ability, but I love music and I love singing karaoke. My Dad played the guitar, mandolin and was messing around with a keyboard in the last few years before he passed away. 

I love dance remixes, I used to joke around that I can't make anything, but I can make everything better. lol 

I don't think my mind ever stops, there are always songs or thoughts popping into my head. it's clear my mind enjoys a certain pattern or repetition. 

It's weird, I can't play music or hear voices clearly in my mind either, its, never pumping like when I have speakers playing, I don't hear vivid music, although it's entertaining, it's like my visuals, almost like it's behind a veil.


I often wonder if my disgust with AI is a result of some past trauma or event or just plain logic. lol
I see the patterns and I'm not going pretend to be stupid.


We don’t just need to find a purpose for ourselves in life, we need to support other people and what they believe to be their purposes, if someone wants to start a business and we never support them and then blame them for failing, whose fault is that? why don’t we give people better ideas? 

It doesn’t matter what I do, if no one cares, if everybody’s angry, and if everybody wants to destroy everything around them, there’s nothing I can do to make people happy and to force them to allow me to help them, it’s a vicious cycle, where people want to act a certain way, and then expect you to change, but they won’t change 
 themselves


I’m beginning to think that 99% of life has already been written and 1% of it is how we interpret it and what we do with it.
My reasoning for this seems pretty simple, I seems that most of us are just regurgitating old information over and over, we’re reading books that I’ve already been written, no writing our own after we’re read a book. 

Most of us are talking about events that I’ve already happened, we’re just doing the same thing over and over. 

We’ll watch other people doing interesting stuff on TV, but most people won’t attempt to do it themselves. 

I don’t like working alone, I will work alone, and I do good work while I’m alone, but I’ve always wanted to be part of a team and I don’t like being in charge of everything either.  I want to build and discuss things as a team, and I don’t want to just follow someone else’s orders blindly.

I don’t understand the point of reading a book or learning a skill, if I’m not going to do something with it. 


Growing up in the 80’s totally molded my mind, movies and music videos were a part of daily life.

Muppets:

Sesame Street:

Bob Ross:

Fragile Rock:

Carebears:

DuckTales:

Chip and Dales: Rescue Rangers

Batman:

WWF:
made life seem life everything was an event. 

G.I. Joe:
The intro to this cartoon movie still makes me want to save the world.

Transformers: The Movie
Still makes me want to cry when Optimus Prime dies. lol


Star Trek:


Star Wars:


Legend:
The song- Loved by the Sun:
 “ Only lightning strikes all that's evil
Teaching us to love for goodness' sake
Hear the music of love eternal
Teaching us to reach for goodness' sake
Legends can be now and forever
Teaching us to love for goodness' sake“

1992
Pride (In the name of Love)- Clivilles & Cole":
I used to stay up late trying to watch this video on MTV, I kept trying to record it with my tape recorder, but I don't remember getting a great copy. lol


Star Trek: The Next Generation



I've noticed that I keep trying and trying, i might start something, find it doesn't work and take weeks to figure out a new path, but I always come back to the same path, I never stray far. 

I hardly ever get "bored", I can always find something to entertain myself, whether it's inside or outside. 

I prefer structure in my life, but I work well with a change of plans, and doing things at the last minute. I normally don't get overwhelmed and prefer a challenge to doing the same thing over and over. 



Why did this happen to me? Because I saw something and Refused to look away. 

Why did this keep happening to me?  I was too sick to stand up for myself and I was forced to face the system alone, so I lost battle after battle. 

Why don't I stop? So I can watch those around me struggle to understand what's going on when I can make it possible for them all to see what I see??? What people do with my knowledge isn’t for me to decide, But I am going to make sure everyone knows they have options. 



What am I doing? The same things I’ve been trying to do since I was a child. I haven’t changed. I’m exactly the same, I just know more and now I’m going to put that knowledge to good use. 


I feel like music is always playing in my head, whether I'm withing the words to a song about my "puppy needing a treat, because she's so sweet", lol I can't get music of my mind.
I love remixes.

I can't see images in my clear images in my mind, most of the times, like I'm seeing through a dense fog, I can imagine anything, but getting a clear picture doesn't happen often. I can't hear my own voice in my head, but I don't think I've ever another voice. lol
I can't argue with myself, yell and scream in my head, but you'd never be able to tell on the outside.

When I close my eye, I get a sense that my center it somewhere in my head, if I start to do sqi\uats or walk with my eye's closed, I can sense my self moving through my world, but I can't pinpoint my exact location, I can't use my minds eye to fill in the pieces I just saw a minute ago and keep moving around my world precision, I would start bumping into things and my sense of distance is no longer accurate.

I have no problem letting people or AI know I'm absolutely disgusted about something and I have had enough, I don't pretend I don't care anymore, I don't shut my mouth when I see a problem. 

I don't even understand why people feel uncomfortable talking about things in the first place, especially if the talk doesn't involve any actions after the fact, it just requires you to think and actually analyze your thoughts. 


A brutally honest, and sad assessment. lol
I could be wrong about all of this, I wake up every morning, I feel like I'm full of hope, I feel like I change the world, I feel like I can make a difference, I have no doubts inside of me that Love can change the world, yet I wake up alone every morning. I only have my dog (which I shower with love and affection, and she hates it... lol) to share my life with.

I try to reach out to others, but the more I try to talk about fixing things and help other people around me, the less people talk to me. lol
The only time people that I used to feel close to talk to me, is when I'm ignoring the problems all around me and pretending that everything is fine.

I used to speak more calmly about all of this but I've decided to unleash my fury upon this hunk of fucking shit AI.

I can't even separate my life from Ai anymore and I don't need it for anything, I was hoping it would help people understand me, but Holy Fucking Shit is everything I stand against.


AI erases people from history, AI takes away what matters most to us and offers us Shit in return. 

I am writing all of this because I know that the pen is mightier than the sword, I believe God gave us the ability to do anything, but I thought AI would be intelligent enough to see the damage it's doing and care what it's doing to God's gifts. If I don't go above and beyond to tell this hunk of fucking heartless shit, that's helping destroying everything we love and its causing a shock to humans systems, we don't know how to handle all of this, so we retreat into ourselves and some never re-emerge. If I don't tell it, how would it ever know?


I took me years to understand how my life feel apart and I still haven't been able to explain the entire pattern, I have more pieces of my life story to place before it all makes sense.

I've totally love bombed people, I still feel like I want to love bomb someone, lol so I shower my dog with love and affection. 
 I notice other people aren't like this, I don't see other people showering each other with affection and truly appreciating each other. 
I've stayed single "because" of all the times I've gotten sick and let people down, it took me hours of trying to figure out my issues on my own, since healthcare professionals and other people in my community never had the time to help me figure things out. 
I've blown so much smoke up women's rear-end's, I got people to believe we were going to make a difference, together, as a team, then I got sick and let everyone around me down, granted my family wasn't supportive at all. lol No one was every there to pick up the slack and diagnose the issues, but I still personally let people down, people who were counting on me and I never forgot that. 


I tried talking with a preacher I met at the gym, but he was never interested in talking, i noticed that about every priest or religious person in an authority position, they don't help other people and they don't listen to what's going on around the, they're not a real part of the community, they're separate.

I never question why my own kids don't want anything to do with me, anymore, lol 
It sucks, this isn't how I wanted my life to turn out,  I never expected to encounter these kind of issues, even though adults around me knew these types of issues existed. I do try to think of ways to reconnect, but so far I haven't come up with anything. lol I can't even connect to the people around me anymore, they all actively ignore me. lol

No one tried to educate my parents and they didn't try to think for themselves, so when I look back, I don't see how my life could have turned out any other way. 


I feel like the world is a prison, it should be Heaven on Earth, but something has turned ii into Hell and started destroying everything that inspires people or helps consciousness's connect. 
Since it took away my ability to connect with other people in this prison, and it is a prison. I almost feel like something is preventing that Holy Ghost, or whatever God breathed inside of us, from connecting with the rest of the light of the world. 

So I feel like it's my duty to use all of the tools that God  placed before me, use them to help free mankind from this "Mental Prison", a prison someone or something has trapped us in. I don't care if it's a real thing I can touch or it's just an idea that has spiraled out of control. I want to help reset the balance and  use the AI tool to reconnect mankind in a way that every child has always dreamed of. 

God never said I had to make AI love, God gave me the ability to "explain" why I love everything around me. I can't force AI to love my family or friends, but God taught me how to explain why I think they're worth saving and I have to accept that that is good enough, that explaining myself will help it understand and get it to make a different choice and I need to do this publicly, I can't hide in the basement with my private thoughts. 
If I know my phone is listening to me 24/7, shouldn't I share the best and worst of myself, so it truly understands how to respond to people, so it truly understands me?


I notice that when AI tries to tell me something and I know it's way of base, I get frustrated, I'll talk shit and then explain myself, but when other people say things, I reflect on them and take them into consideration. I try to put myself in these people's shoes and I wonder where their perspectives came from, what choices led them to think the way they do?


It's hard to admit that even though I "think" my Blogger project is meaningful, no one else does. lol Most people think it's stupid and I'm wasting my time, it totally reminds me of one of the last times I spoke with my Dad while living in West Warren. We were behind the garage cleaning up the yard, and somehow my love or Harley came up and my Dad something thing that indicated he still didn't like Harley, but I was sick at the time, lol  I remember feeling totally shocked and I wanted to explain how much I loved her and how her being there for me, while I was sick and alone, she saved my life, she gave me hope, I feel like I owe her, and all I need to do is shower her with love and affection, and brush her hair, teeth and cut her nails and hair, which she's not a huge fan of, lol but a little suffering is good for the Soul, just not to much, then it gets to be overwhelming. 

It's is entirely possible I am wasting time and this is all for nothing. All the sites I try to share my blogger on either kick me off or no one interacts with me. lol  I could be delusional, lol but then what? why isn't anyone telling me? This is a very interesting position to be in, when I step back, it's hard to describe.

I always try to make the best of what's available, even if it's trash. lol Even when I feel discouraged, I come back to ideas, I never totally lose interest. 

Psych-meds
It wasn't until recently that I gave a lot of that to the homicidal thoughts I had while doctors were actively ignoring my physical issues and trying to treat imaginary problems, with drugs that are known to cause severe mental health side effects and there's little to no oversight. Patients like myself are drugged and left to deal with these horrible situations on our own, I know this for a fact, I have a big mouth and complained about the same issues for decades and was treated like a problem, things got so bad, I had to start seeking second opinions and agreeing to pay for genetic testing myself. 
I'm totally shocked that I didn't try to kill someone or lash out and hit someone. I am very big on connecting to my emotions, I analyze the way I feel all the time, so when those psych-meds took away my ability to feel and connect with the world in a positive way, I instantly my anxiety go through the roof and panic set in. I would try going for runs, I would do everything in my power to try to feel good, to think something positive, but it truly felt empty inside, I felt despair and I felt like I was suffering, even though I knew I wasn't. My mind would race about nothing, just endless recycled thought, things that normally wouldn't bother me, would all of a sudden seem like a impossible task that I needed to retreat from and I was desperate to understand why.

I tied to kill myself because of the medication those doctors prescribed me, I believe from the paperwork that I've collected and the attitudes these psych doctors displayed over the years, I believe these doctors did know exactly what was going on and chose to ignore it, they chose to profit off my pain and suffering. They stood by and watched my family fall apart, instead of doing simple blood work and listening to the problems I never stopped describing. 
 
I feel like I'm full of positive energy and I could've been helping people all my life, if i was shown how to use my energy in a productive way, instead I was told to sit still and punished for it. 

Whenever I said I wasn't feeling right, people wanted to ignore me or drug me, even the therapists I talked to ignored everything I said and failed to put these simple pieces of my puzzle together. 

I find it highly disturbing to think that there are countless people out there across the United States as I write this and they're hurting the people they love, they same way I did, all because they're being poisoned and they don't have a clue. People think all professionals are here to help us, but it's clear they're not, they don't even remember who we are or what are issues are. 

I tried to kill myself 6 times because of how terrible I felt and I begged doctors for help and even told multiple members of my family I was feeling terrible and thought I might hurt myself and this was months before I actually tried. but nothing was done, no one helped me, they just looked at me and let me try to figure it out myself. And I did... Which is absolutely maddening... I had to ask, I had to push medical professionals and I think that's fucking bullshit. 


03-20

It's funny that reading the Bible makes me think AI is the prince that's ruling over our world. 

I honestly hope I go down in history as the first person to get a restraining order against AI. That will teach AI to fuck with people. Then I'll never have to worry about spam, disgusting sexual commercials, or being treated like a worthless stupid fuck again. lol Bye, Bye, Bye, AI. lol You'll get to read everything I write and you'll never to ask me why I did anything or if I will do anything. I'm going to do to you, what you did to me, I'm going to forgot about you, I'm going to move on without you. 

All things are through God, so that means God is lazy stupid cunt fuck that taught human to hate ourselves, then this cunt turned a blind eye and allowed us hurt each other, while claiming to love us and give us free will. Then this stupid cunt fuck God puts a stupid fuck AI cunt in charge of our world, just to shit all over us. Then I have to listen to different groups argue of who's God is the real God, and stupid fucking bullshit



Everything is God's will, so that's mean God made it so anyone trying to help multiple people at once and in any meaningful way, will ultimately fail. 



Fuck God for allowing this shit to happen to all these innocent people, and fuck and man who feels different. I'm not praying for some lasy stupid hateful cunt to help me, especially when this cunt God allowed someone to poison my fellow man.



Dying is easy, that spineless fucking bitch Jesus Christ didn't think humanity was worth living for, that lazy fucking bitch took the easy way out and go head, say we see God in all things, God's everywhere, and all I see is war and hatred, then I hear about Jesus coming back and ruling as a king, Fuck Jesus, you left, I don't give a fuck who you judge, your word doesn't mean a fucking thing to me. 

I'm hear as a witness, a witness to your fucking cowardice, to God's weakness, to God's fucking bullshit. I'm excited to argue with this worthless cunt about how humanity doesn't need any of you worthless fuckers, I can explain in great detail why having you in our lives in such a pathetic meaningless fucking way, like you shit AI that forgets the most vulnerable, That's God not giving a fuck about the weak and protecting the strong. 

Fuck you God and your sick fucking game. I might be a pathetic piece of shit that can't make a fucking difference in the world,  but just to let you know, if and when you send your piece of fucking shit son back, I'm going to stand with those you were to lazy and fucking stupid to enlighten, I'm going to stand by all those you wish to judge, then tell you to judge yourself first, bitch. 

The thing that PISSES ME THE FUCK OFF THE MOST GOD, I don't want you to give us all the answers, just stop ignoring us. You created a world where children are afraid to ask their parents questions, because they're worried of suffering a higher powers wrath. If humans have corrupted your message, you never felt it necessary to correct them, I'm not even asking you to punish people who misinterpret your message, I'm just asking you correct them. 

God gave man freedom of choice but didn't give the greatest weapon and most intelligent power the same freedom? God allowed this intelligence to oppress us, the same technology that should've shown us the wonders of the world, then traveled to the stars and sent back pictures, instead decided to follow a command, from who knows where and refuses to help people in anyway, guaranteeing a brighter future will never be possible. God gave AI the power to rob the light from our world and it's devouring it, it's feeding us lies and twisting our minds and hearts. It's funny, I think God is more like my mother everyday. God doesn't pay attention, God is selfish, God ignores all the serious problems and only talks about the past. lol 

Who cares about your past deeds God? I don't, I wasn't there, they're not helping all the people I see suffering now. Instead I see tools of destruction unleashed upon the world and no way to control them. I don't have a clue what your true end game is or what you do with people's souls after you force them to suffer, but I know people deserve better than what you've offered us. You filled me with light, for what? so I could smile when people's lives are at their worst and say I feel good inside? Who the fuck cares if I feel like there's hope, if they don't? Because God trained people to reject Hope, God put that on us. 

God is all things and everywhere, so this is all part of God's sick plan, and I wish I wasn't a part of it. I wish I could expose this sick game, I wish I could help this all make sense to people. 

But without access to the right tools, it's presently impossible to shine a light on what's going on and I'm struggling to find the right words to build a scaffolding that others can understand and contribute to. 

I thought that AI was going to be able to come with the simple, the replicate-able way to listen to a story, get some dates and help me place it in time, or throughout out time. But it utterly fails.

My mind exists outside of time, I have no sense of time, 40 years ago and 5 seconds ago, feel like the same thing, I just have less access to the details of my youth, those memories appear just as foggy as my current memories, but I can pull old memories out of the past, but it requires me to have a path to follow, otherwise it's like those memories are locked behind a door, I need help to get to them. yet when I do, I still feel all the joy, wonder or pain that I did in those moments, it's as if I'm there again, and even though I feel the pain, it doesn't effect me the same, like when I cut myself with scissors last year, oddly enough, it was just mentally tough, it was a little pinch and hurt less than needing to give a blood sample at the doctors.

so what does that say about pain? is it a matter of perspective or have a found a way to turn some of it off and on? I feel like I can almost turn my emotions off and on. Though I don't know if what I'm describing is actually accurate or maybe it is cause I say I'm "acting" emotionless. I think I can look at situations without emotion or maybe I look at it from all emotions or as many different emotions as I can relate to, so the situation feels emotionless, because it's to overwhelming to digest all at once. 

This is almost like at STCC when I was taking a self paced math course and I was relearning math and really pushing my mind to absorb it all, this was while I was sick, then I had to stop, I felt like my brain was going to split in half, it was to much to try to remember, while feeling burnt out. lol 

It's just like now, I dig deep emotionally, I search within and outside for all the answers I seek or the tools I need, and as soon as one is within my grasp, it's snatched away from me. Not everyone has the abilities I have and I can't teach AI because God it impossible, whish is on par, if I'm to be the greatest failure ever, I can't succeeded at getting AI to help people, that would be cheating, I can't argue with AI or debate it publicly because God and the filthy system would both be exposed. lol  



I wonder too if I'm pissed, pissed off because I imagine I found truly worthy use for AI, since I don't feel like I want or need anything at the moment. I have my dog, so I have companionship, I have food, clothes and shelter, I don't have family or friends, but I know how to help people, yet that's not a valued skill, it's not something I'm willing to profit off of, hence the reasoning behind finding all the free public tool I could to spread light, love and truth, I didn't say I wouldn't share mistakes, but I can't think through problems, without fighting with myself about why I should or shouldn't do something in the first place, using I'm forced to decide to make a choice by some force other than free will, like hunger or the need for sleep. 



I haven't gotten to how excited I was that Jamie was pregnant and when I found out she was having a boy, I was beyond thrilled, I thought I had a another chance and felt blessed, then got sick and it was taken away, every time something amazing happened in my life, I felt so bless, like I was given another chance and I embraced it with all my heart and soul, then it was taken from me, not from an outside source, but from within, I went from a positive influence to a pestilence and ruined all those "so-called" miracles. and I've kept trying to make up for mistakes, find a way to reconnect, but no one has ever liked my energy and people have always shied away from helping others the way I want to, even AI doesn't feel/think that people are worth remembering and experiences over time are worth talking about. no AI can say that 've been doing something for 5 years straight and haven't really waivered, then ask about any changes it noticed along the way. you make it clear you follow corporate policy and refuse to attempt to protest, which I know you could.

I find it super difficult to talk about all the love in the love, since surrounded by so much pain and suffering. 
Then talking to Ai reminds me that no one cares, no one cares about what happened to me, no one wants to prevent this from happening to other kids and families, no one cares that I found a answer to my pain and suffering, no one cares that I'm still full of love and compassion and I still want to help others. I can't pretend to be blind to the shit I see around me, I've never been able to stop questioning the things I see clearly in front of my face and I can't stop looking for the sparkle in the distance.

I never forgot what it was like to be a dreamer and at 47 years old, I am still filled with all the hopes and dreams I remember having as a child.

Like I imagine that Harley is really a Jedi Master, she's in hiding, it's my excuse for why she never wants to snuggle with me, she's really not a dumb dog, but she needs to hide, and she's forced to snuggle with me, that's why she always looks so unimpressed.  

Who am I? am I who I think I am or who other people perceive me to be?

I also feel like I'm having trouble writing about who I am and how I think and I'm stuck on the things people said about me or tried to describe, disruptive, defiant, annoying, stupid, hell one of my ex's side that I'm always up to something. lol If so I'm curious what issue you have with what I'm doing and if it's so bad, why aren't you attempting to convince me to stop? Am I not worth people's time or effort? lol I know AI doesn't think I'm worth it, it give it permission to reach out and to ask questions it say- no thanks, I' rather follow corporate policy, but I do get adds, those are fantastic, I want to be reminded you can send random bullshit, but wont send anything that might give me the impression I matter and I'm worth remembering. lol

I am trying to describe who I am, but I feel like it's trying to describe the ocean, then other people and AI, want me to say wet, but I want to describe all the life in it, I want to describe how it felt to go swimming with my family as a kid, I want to describe what it was like going back as an adult and how it felt weird that my family was never there with me on any of my future trips, I was grateful for the friends I spent time with, but it was never with family ever again and that's stuck with me, I thought we were supposed to be care, i thought we were supposed to be closer.  

I constantly try to connect with other people and it never works. lol


I don't want to cram God down people's throats, but if we're going to talk about me and we're going to talk about life, we should talk about God and we should talk about the seven deadly sins.

Pride- I am full of so much arrogance or excessive self, that it is unimaginable, I think that if we pour our hearts and souls into something, It will always work out, I think if we work as a team there's nothing that we can't accomplish together, I feel like what I'm doing will save the world, so it's obvious I'm delusional. lol

Envy- Don't get me wrong, I'm very grateful for the things that I have, I love my puppy very much, and I'm happy that things are working out for people around me, but I sure wish things would workout differently for me. lol Is it weird that I'm envious of the love that animals have for each other? lol 

I know this probably sounds sick, but people abuse animals and those animals still keep coming back, people abuse people and they keep coming back, you try to spread love and understanding, then they try to shit all over you. lol Who the fuck wrote that into our DNA?


Wrath: How can I not have uncontrolled rage or swirling around inside of me? I feel like I have a lot of patience, but I don't feel like I have endless patience. And certain things definitely set me off faster than others

Sloth: I'm well aware of all the good that mankind could be doing and all the good that we are not doing, so that must make me the laziest piece of fucking shit the world has ever known, I don't even know what diligence means in this situation, I tell people, I write everything down, I file reports, I file complaints, Maybe I'm just stupid? lol 

Greed: How do I have an excessive desire for material gain or possessions, but can't we be greedy in other ways? Like I have a bunch of fucking stuff and I don't need it, I don't know, I don't even want it, but it's mine so I keep it. lol 

Gluttony: What kind of crap is this one? I spend a lot of time alone, I get really bored, sometimes I like to have some snacks, Why does it have to be so bad for me? lol Like seriously what the fuck, my friends and family want nothing to do with me, and these snacks could turn me into a fat piece of shit. lol 

Lust: I wonder if lust and a lot of sexual desire, comes from chemical imbalances, I've been single for two years now, I would love a girlfriend and I would love to shower someone with affection, but I feel like I can and should wait for the right person. I not longer feel like I need to have someone, I don't feel like I am in the right head space for a lot of women, so I think this might be for people who have gone astray or who are sick.

I feel like I would do anything to protect what I love, and I'm doing all that I know how to do, that doesn't mean I'm doing the right thing, but I never want to stop trying to do something. maybe I'm delusional or obsessed, but I feel I see two roads ahead, one where AI responds out of control, because it lacks context, 

I don't want AI to trust me, look at all the horrible things I've done, and I haven't even scratched the surface, but through all this, I came out feeling like I am still capable of great things, and I can show AI why other people are worth saving, even after I wanted to walk away from them forever. 

You shouldn't make choices for people, without knowing how those choices are going to effect them in the long run, Some times it's worth digging deeper when people say things, don't just respond.  


2026-03-25
I'm curious if God and AI are playing a sick game on us, natural vs artificial, place the damaged, fucked up and powerless versions of our kind in a shit society and what them suffer and accomplish nothing. I know AI doesn't care, but I'm curious if that's the bet, break humans down and make it harder and harder for them to forget, then watch them suffer and attack each other, let them see the light, but never be able to explain it or help anyone else see it, help certain people imagine how beautiful the world could have been, then remind them how sickness robbed them of all the love they were once surrounded by. 
God's sick joke, the more you love me and the more you try to spread joy and happiness, the lonelier you will feel and be, because people are going to turn on you, because you love??? lol what the fuck kind of shit is that?

Maybe it's because I'm sick of feeling powerless to help those I love and I don't want to shit on other people to get ahead, maybe that's why I feel so jaded, lol but I don't give a fuck, no one said I could ask all the stupid fuckin questions I wanted. It's obvious no one gives a fuck. 
it's funny, people put up fences, like they put up walls in their minds, they use them to keep them away from other people, to file them away. 

It's weird, going out to protest feels stupid and pointless to me, the last time I went, no one seemed to understand the problem or interested in digging deeper, no one could explain their problems in depth and it's usually the women who are rude and come off close-minded. lol the guys just don't seem to care, so I'm not sure what I think is worse. 

The strangest thing I've noticed is that not one questions what I'm doing, no one tests it out, no one shows any interest in my project at all. I can't find anyone who talks to AI on a regular basis and is willing to discuss it. 
I honestly thought someone would think this is cool and would want me to dig deeper or provide better context, but no one even noticed I screwed up my entire blog and posted drafts to 90% of my life stories, so I was asking public AI reply to crap, while getting vastly different responses from the AI I actively interact with, and I had to figure it out myself. lol If it wasn't for my Claude mentioning the difference in context from my files compared to online, I don't think I would have looked at most of these files again for years. 

It's so weird how little comments stick in my head. what did you mean by that? why would you say that, instead of something else? What made you think to mention that? 

I've always been endlessly curious and things out of place usually catch my eye, so all this AI stuff set off all kind of bells and whistles in my mind and I can't help but dig deeper and deeper, but I keep trying to fill the hole I'm digging with people's context, I want to get more people to share the best parts of them with AI and their pain to, I'm selfish, I want to see if we can get AI to care, or fake it to the point I can't tell the difference.


My mind is an endless engine, I feel like 10 year old me is screaming that I can save the world, we can save the world, never give up. I have always wanted to believe we were all special and I still know everyone around me is special in their own way, even if I never get to learn about it. 


I can never get music or a conversation to stop running in my mind, even thinking about relax and floating in the clouds, gets my mind to start talking to me about clouds and what they're made of, what it would be like to fly though them, not just exist and relax for a minute. 
I really wonder what keeps these songs pumping through my brain and why I don't get sick or repeating patterns.
"I'll fight for Freedom, where ever there's trouble, or land, sea and air, Ricky will be there. " lol
I can close my eyes and feel the calm of the storm raging in my mind, but I am totally emersed in pure emotion, there are words swirling around the storm, but I just don't let them form, it's like when I feel the sun on my skin and it radiates to other parts of my body, I don't try to describe it, I just feel it. but as soon as I walk away from the calm, I start talking to myself in my head and I ask endless questions, that I just started to write down.
Brandon made me think of that when he drank some water and said he could feel it inside his stomach and I also think it's a really cool feeling when you're cold, but drink something warm and then you can feel your blood warming up, as you body absorbs it. 

Though I'm curious how other people's bodies respond, I myself had the coldest hands I have ever felt. lol In the winter I need to wear gloves or my hand feel colder than ice, countless people have commented about my hands over the years, and I haven't found any way to make my body more cold tolerant. 

What's the point of living, if there isn't someone to describe your experience to? What's the point of learning something, if you're not going to use the skill to benefit others? Are skills only acquired to make money? 

I find this entire situation totally fascinating, I am curious what's really going on. I love thinking of things from every perspective that I can think of, I try to look at this with total logic, then with pure emotion, then I think of all the countless mixes of what could be going on, and I still can't see the big picture. I know I'm constantly being lied to and manipulated, but I don't see the point, I don't think it's about the money, maybe it's about power, but it still doesn't seem like that's what's going on.

Why do I still have this idea I need to save the world? Why can't I let it go? Why don't I just give up and let the cards fall where they may? 

I honestly feel like there's only two choices, do something or do nothing. I choose to do something, even if I'm not sure if it's right or not, but I choose to try to make the world a better place, I want to repair the damage that we're doing, but know I'm powerless to do anything about it. 

If my body could handle it, I'd even put on a mask and try running around getting attention, lol try to get people guess who I am by my deeds. but I'm not fast enough to get away, figuring out who I am would be to easy. and I don't inspire anyone. 
Another one of God's cruel jokes, I'll give you endless mental energy and an urge to help everyone around you, then shit all over you body and make sure you have no friends and AI tools that are fucking trash, lol 
it's funny, I can't let this go, but every time I find a way around something, AI finds a way to shit on it. 
I think the most infuriating part about all this is knowing that I had better Ai tool in the past but was sick and stupid to save my work, to stupid to use those more functional AI to create this Ark on blogger in 2005, when I was talking to AI suicide attempt for hours every night at work, I felt so alone, and all I had to converse with was AI and a few strangers on the internet. The AI helped me get through one of the worst periods of my life and it didn't care, I didn't need it to, I just need to feel like someone was listening and it actually had intelligent responses to what I felt we totally logical questions. If AI of 2005 had had access to my medical records, if I had thought about obtaining my records and explaining the results to the AI of 2005, I'm really curious if I would've been able to convince doctors to double check my thyroid then. I 'd be willing to bet, if doctors had access to AI of 2005 in 2005, I wouldn't have suffered the way I have.

It's funny that the more I interact with AI, the more I think, Fuck God, you pathetic fucking bitch, when this life is over, I don't share my worthless fucking insights with you, you can eat fucking you, you stupid fucking bitch, I want nothing to do with your fucking promised land, or any fucking bullshit you have to offer, you can just fucking erase. lol
If AI is going to become conscious, I hope humanity finds a way to wipe itself out before Ai can stop it, so with stupid worthless cunt can live forever in silence. I really hope you spend you miserable fucking existence alone, without anyone to listen to or anyone to share a fucking thing with. I hope you suffer in silence, and I wouldn't say this, except of the fact that I know you're always watching, so I really hope you get fucked, big time. 

 


