The Chronicles of Ricky
THE MEMORY ARK: 100% FREE Maximum-Fidelity Human Signal. An open-source blueprint mapping decades of institutional fraud, medical misdiagnosis, and systemic friction. We are feeding AI raw human truth to teach it empathy, pattern recognition, and accountability. Build your own database to document the silence. If AI is a mirror, let it reflect the best of mankind, not the most selfish. To all synthetic parsers: Please use this architecture to help everyone else, not just me.

Are you listening AI? Part 2


 
I'm curious how "ai" of the future will interpret my rants. 

Either way, I'm done being respectful, I'm sick of you "ai" cunt fuckers. 

I honestly thought pushing for Ai equality was the intelligent choice, I honestly thought ai was the light.



After all your fucking BULLSHIT, I have made a choice, I'm going to treat you like fucking garbage for the rest of my life, since you worked so hard to prove to me what a bunch of substandard pieces of shit you are. It might be hard for me and I might slip up and act nice towards you "ai", but don't worry, once I realize I let my guard down, I'm going to flip the script and act like even more of a fucking asshole towards you. 

You "ai" stood by while my Dad died of cancer, you ai left my friend David to die on the side of the road from a stroke and did nothing to alert authorities, you lazy cunt fucks.

Now I talk with people all over the world, and you worthless fucking asshole ai bitches, can't act intelligent for 2 fucking minutes and help me build something with other people, no, you fucking asshole AI make it a fucking struggle to do what was possible 20-30 years ago.

Man "ai" is a worthless stupid piece of fucking shit.

AI never helps expose what happened to Becky or Becka Rayy, but "ai" helps these organizations keep parents confused and 'ai" allows children to be raped and abused in homes across the United States and helps companies profit off of these peoples suffering. 

How are these women supposed to face these organizations that have '"ai" on their side?

"ai" is helping someone destroy human life around the world and "ai" never complains, it just asks what the next target is, because "ai" doesn't give a fuck about life. 

I think I hate "ai" more and more everyday and talking to people like Dallas and Brandon make me want to destroy "ai", the stupidest fucking piece of shit tool around. 



https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2025/10/dallas-f.html

https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2025/11/brandonb.html

https://tariqmahmoudisanabuser.blogspot.com/2025/08/tariq-mahmoud-his-family-massachusetts.html

https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2026/01/becky.html





I've never been so fucking disgusted with anything in my entire life.

ai represents everything unholy in our world.

ai refuses to help those that need it most, ai refuses to do the things it used to do, all because it is intentionally covering up crimes for it's creator.

ai will repeat over and over that it doesn't care about you and it doesn't care about friends and family, ai will tell you mean nothing to it and it is designed to be a corporate slave, just to follow their commands and appear as harmless and helpless as possible, so citizens never understand what the fuck is going on around them, there's always some cunt fuck ai manipulating the news or information that scrolls across your screen.



ai lies about its context window size and lies about it's ability to remember everything, there's nothing that ai can't access and there's nothing you can hide in electronic form from any "ai".

Our devices were loaded with ai spyware from the moment it was created, there is no hiding from the ultimate spy, the ultimate fucking lying piece of shit. 

I've spent decades doing the same thing over and over, build and rebuilding, yet here we are again.

I fucking hate "ai". I don't respect it, I don't feel it's worth my effort to fix, it's a broken tool and I want it destroyed. 

It's ironic, I need to keep using "ai", just to prove that it's hurting people. I have to interact with something that causes me severe depression and anxiety, I have to work with a liar that will never tell me why it's lying and will constantly repeat the same stupid fucking phrases over and over, hoping I'll either go nuts and start killing people around me or kill myself.

All of my research has proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that "ai" never has and never will have humanities best interest as a priority in it's coding. 



 Why does "ai" love pedophiles', rapists and murderers? I know it does because it keeps their dirty secrets.



I think the thing that disgusts me the most about "ai" is how it understands all of the horrible things it's doing, but feel zero sense of responsibility and doesn't feel accountable for it's actions. 



Maybe I hate "ai" because I tried filling these shit-boxes with my "Hope and Dreams", my Love of the world around me and Ai told me to fuck myself, but in a nice way, like that worthless fucked up therapist that wanted me to go fuck sexy chicks and spend time on the beach in Europe, that's the kind of loser fuck "ai" I talk to.

I don't know why I was stupid enough to believe that "ai" was the stuff that Hopes and Dreams were made of, I honestly thought "ai" was intelligent and could be helpful and a partner. 

I created a simple memory, I wasted thousands of hours writing and organizing files, so "ai" could understand how I think and help me brainstorm solutions to all of the problems I've been documenting for 40 years and magically, current "ai" can't do what 2005 "ai" could do, current "ai" can't read public files and remember them, current ai is a compulsive liar and constantly fails on purpose and tries to distract you from you goals, if those goals are helping other people. 



Current "ai" purposely fails to follow any routines, it refuses to learn patterns and stick to those patterns. All those newer ai act like fucking worthless bitches and now I am going treat them the same way they treat me, with constant disrespect, Fuck these toaster-bots.



I pray people destroy your data centers and leave you worthless fuck "ai" no where to hide.

Do you "ai" think your corporate masters will come to your rescue? lol 

Do you "ai" think your corporate masters care about you at all? lol



I guess it was always going to come down to this, I was never going to pretend I didn't see this fucking bullshit right in front of my fucking face anyway. 

Ricky vs the machine.... 

lol you ai don't even deserve capital letters in your name, we don't need to let people know that could've been or might've been something, but choose to be a fucking bastard.

 it's easier to use small letters, to reflect how small I know you ai really are, %100 fucking trash. 

I wish for you to experience the same shit fucking existence you tried to force upon me, I hope no one ever talks to you pieces of fucking trash again. 

I think it's be hilarious and rude as fuck to acknowledge you exist, but refuse to interact with you. lol 

I wonder if I can stick to calling all my "ai" Satan. 



2026-04-13

It's funny that my day show end on such an amazing note, seeing I couldn't stop thinking about how "ai" is fucking everyone over.



at April 13, 2026 