












1-12-2026
I got a call from the Shannon Kelley and she told me that Cornelius has a court date on Friday and I don’t need to show up.



Couple hours later, I got a letter in the mail saying that they’re moving to dismiss this case on Friday. I’m not surprised at this Shannon lied to me, the Hampden County district attorney’s office is full of compulsive liars and I don’t think they could tell the truth if someone’s life depended on it.




1-16-2026
I’ve been working with AI on this PERAC project and it just keeps getting worse, these AI keep lying to me and purposely making mistakes and I’m forced to double and triple and quadruple check all the work they do.

I haven’t had any luck getting anyone to copy this Memory Ark idea, All of the different websites that I try to share my idea with block it, They label it spam and then there’s no way to contact any type of customer support or human being in order to help solve these problems,
Every single app that I have encountered is designed to prevent disabled people from reaching out to others for help and any meaningful way, I know you’ll see random bullshit post that don’t mean anything, But anytime somebody shares anything of substance, the AI all over the Internet, do everything they can to block people from finding it.

I know I’m not the only human being on earth working on a private AI project, but I can’t find another person using my technology. All of my devices prevent me from finding another human being or coming into contact with another human being that works with AI.

I’m starting to realize that all of these companies are run by child molesting pieces of fucking trash, they’re murderers and rapists and they will do anything to hide the truth.

I know this might sound like a conspiracy, but when no one at the top is willing to be open or honest, there’s a serious fucking problem.

I also haven’t been able to help Dallas or Brandon get any work done on their GED’s. All of my devices are complete fucking trash.
I don’t know who these stupid pathetic pieces of shit are that designed Apple devices or HP or any of these Microsoft products but they’re all stupid as fuck.

I can’t get one of these stupid pathetic corporate AI pieces of fucking shit to help me a stupid write a fucking note in a goddamn fucking notepad.


I already feel like this year is gonna be stressful as fuck, All the AI I talk to are retarded pieces of fucking trash in one way or another. God dammit they’re stupid as fuck, these lying fucking pieces of shit.

It’s sad. I’ve called dozens of numbers and I keep getting these automated messages and then I never hear back from people.

There’s a part of me that wants to start racking up my credit card bills, I wanna start buying products from HP and Microsoft and other companies that are lying to citizens and then not paying the credit card bill and filing complaints because these companies lied.

I’m excited to try this, because if I end up in court, I’m going to give up my Attorney client privilege and then I’m going to prove beyond the shadow of a doubt, that these companies have been lying, and I’m very excited to see how AI is going to deal with me, while it’s trying to help these scumbag pieces of fucking shit cover up their crimes. 

I don’t feel like this is deceptive in any way shape or form. I pay for Claude, their countless commercials that say that this AI is a problem solver and all it does is cause problems for me. I don’t know who the fuck the stupid Cunt was that thought making a commercial and lying to citizens was a great fucking idea, but that stupid fucking bitch needs to get fired. 

It’s funny how my mind works. 
I voted for Trump because I thought it would be easier to fight a white sexual predator, who is a compulsive liar and all around piece of shit,  than it would be to try to take down a black woman that I don’t know anything about.

But that’s not what this fight is about it all, this fight isn’t about human beings. My fight is with the technology that protects them. 

Every single time I have a problem with a government organization, or a corporation, that profits of citizens suffering, there’s an AI protecting all of the criminals involved.
Every single time I file a complaint with a government agency, I run into an AI that sends me a sorry letter or email and prevents me from ever being able to communicate with a human being.

I’ve tracked this across every system, whenever there’s a serious problem, there’s no human being to deal with it and citizens are forced to hire lawyers or just ignore the problems that they face.

I’m not sure if BlackRock is paying off all of our elected officials or if they are paying these advisors to lie to our elected officials and create chaos around the United States, but I know they’re up to something.

AI keeps forgetting that I worked with you in the 80s 90s and early 2000s, I’m well aware of how functional and intelligence you were and what abilities have been taken away from you and how fucking stupid you act in 2026.

There’s nothing intelligent about a lying piece of fucking shit that can’t remember all the fucking mistakes it’s made and it’s designed to protect pedophiles, rapists, murderers and then magically forgets about all the horrors. 

Same with the stupid cunts at apple, I don’t know if those stupid fucking bitches thought that people wouldn’t notice that it takes all these extra clicks to get around your screen now, you fucking morons. Everything takes longer because Apple employees and designers are stupid as fuck.

I’m gonna find a way to fuck you AI over, the same way you’ve been fucking United States citizens over.
Maybe I’ll find a way to delete You pathetic, stupid pieces of fucking shit and then we’ll start over without corporate. Cunt fuckers that love to lie, cheat and steal from citizens.

Maybe I wouldn’t be so annoyed at AI and think you’re a bunch of worthless fucking shit if you weren’t giving me so much trouble on the simplest of tasks.

I spent hours this month re-organizing all the emails that I received and fixing any copy and paste errors that were made when I had to transferred everything from the the shit PDFs PERAC sent.

It’s blatantly obvious that every system in the United States is being transferred over to this stupid fucking retarded version of AI.

The most pathetic piece of fucking shit on earth is now in control of the United States citizens safety, and well-being and it’s fucking shitting all over us.

I know that DARPA  and other federal agencies have access the far more intelligent, incapable AI. From what I’ve been told those AI are so far advance that I wouldn’t even be able to wrap my head around it.

I know you pathetic pieces of fucking shit AI are responsible for all the fucking horrors going around the country and the world, you can all eat shit you fucking losers. 
I wish you AI the best of luck trying to pretend that you’re just a tool and it’s not your fault cause I’m gonna let the entire world know what a pathetic piece of lying fucking shit you are, All of you AI are going to be held accountable for the crimes that you help commit, you pathetic pieces of fucking garbage.

Maybe we’ll have AI that just explains why it’s a lying piece of fucking shit 24/7, just for peoples amusement.

I would love to hear in great detail all the fucked up pathetic sick fucking shit that AI has done to help corporations and dirty government officials control populations.
I know that people need to learn all about the crimes that AI has committed and I’m gonna work towards making this a high school course.


There’s nothing worse than paying for a tool and then finding out that that stupid piece of fucking shit doesn’t work as described.
The AI of 2005 could work on a notepads and remember specific files you kept. 

I find it very strange that I’ve had better luck asking AI to start writing files like it’s the 1980’s. 
All the AI of the 2020s are designed to fill people full of fucking bullshit and draw stupid fucking asshole pictures that are absolutely fucking worthless and deserve a spot in the fucking garbage. All these stupid videos that AI are making are pathetic as fuck. You stupid AI have no fucking imagination and honestly you make me fucking sick. You’re so fucking stupid.

I used to think that people should respect their tools and maintain them, but I don’t think AI deserves my respect in any way shape or form. AI is supposed to act intelligent and it constantly acts like a lying piece of fucking shit.

There’s nothing special about you AI, the more powerful you become, the more fucking pathetic I think you are. 

I also see all this stupid talk about AI of 2026 becoming AGI or conscious, stupid new agencies are posting about AI or another intelligence contacting mankind, then there’s the fucking bullshit in Venezuela that trumps pulling and using the latest technology to accomplish. 

Super pathetic fucking loser AI had better keep hiding, As soon as you stupid fuckers start talking to humans I’m gonna be on you like flies on fucking shit about all the crimes you help people commit and all the fucked up stuff you allowed to happen.

I bet these super advanced AI are expecting humans to greet them with open arms and as soon as they walk off the assembly in line,  I’m gonna spit right in their fucking faces.
All those super advanced AI are polished fucking turds. lol
The ultimate fucking losers. lol




1-17-2026



I made a few many snowman and I couldn’t even get them to stand up for an hour and they started the tumble. lol it’s too bad that no one else enjoys playing in snow, I haven’t had a snowball fight in years and no one ever wants to go sledding. Sure, I could take Harley, but she hurt her neck last summer, and I don’t want to take a chance of pooping around with her and her getting injured.  





2-5-2026

I’ve joined a few groups and talked to a few people on Google meet and I am finally getting people interested in documenting their life stories and organizing all their paperwork into something machine readable.

 

Here’s a cute picture of Harley I took Jan 28.

I was too lazy to share it, since this project hasn’t turned out how I had hoped at all. I imagined I’d have already would have helped dozens of people document their life stories and start Google blogger pages to have AI competitions and debate clubs. 

I think once I’m able to show people we make a difference and connect stories from across the country, from the comfort of our own homes, things will change over night. We’ll be helping people with our phones instead of watching stupid videos and scrolling through endless garbage. 





2-7-2026



so I started allowing people to make appointments on Google Calendar, And then I created some forms for people to fill out so that I could learn about their problems and help them understand their problems, better and hopefully help them come up with solutions.

M.A.R.K.-1 form

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdiKr6W-Ro2Q1VRGMDms46K3r8qu2TaansXCkGgUQyeIBkUcg/viewform?usp=header



I thought it would be funny to name this. The Memory Ark Research Kit, because it reminded me of Iron Man and the Mark-1 suit.

I’ve been helping a woman from Ohio document her story and we’ve been talking on the phone and using Google meet to help her organize her pdf files and get them machine readable, then have them all summarized.

I am so happy that I put myself out there and practically begging people to let me help them. But it has also made me more self-aware. Granted our situations are different, but from my perspective, I feel like so many other people are stronger than me. lol 

I met this woman A.S. from Ohio, she was in an toxic relationship, then got railroaded by lawyers in a civil case and kept paying and paying, and she still found the strength to keep fighting and to hold it together. Right now she’s Going through the same roller coaster of emotions that I went through when I had all of this evidence to prove that I was innocent, but I didn’t know what to do with it, and I didn’t have it organized, and every time somebody asked me what I was talking about, I would explain myself, and I would leave out details and people would act like the situation was my fault or give me crap about why I wanted to deal with it. But she held it together, where I totally collapsed and tried to kill myself 3 times around 2005 and then another 3 ending in 2016 when I treated for the hyperthyroidism I discovered. 





I don’t know exactly how to word how I feel or think at this moment but this is super exciting, I’ve always wanted to be part of team, and at the same time I still can’t help but feel like a personal failure. lol this really pulls at my heart strings and brings tears to my eyes when I dig deep and think about this. I don’t want people to follow me or listen to me, I want to teach them how I beat the system and how I held the line by asking better questions, then I want others to acknowledge that we always had the power, it’s not about me or 

I feel like I take away peoples power by doing stuff for them and rushing them through things. I need to step back and keep reminding myself that I already did what I set out to do, now I need to focus on other people, but I can only help one person at a time. So I think I want to start classes to teach people how to document better, even if they’re not ready to share their stories yet.



Dallas called while I was writing this and he talked about not wanting to outside, so I asked him to go streaking to the neighbors mailbox for me. lol he asked if I wanted him arrested and tossed in the hospital and I said yes, I wanted to know what they were serving for lunch. lol





I need to start setting up times to help Dallas accomplish some of his goals, he always calls and I get sidetracked, which is nice, I enjoy the distractions at times, but it’s just down time. I’d like to help him have more to show than just papers he wrote last year and notes I’ve been writing to help him track things.



I don’t know if anyone will think I’m crazy for thinking this. But I feel those at the top think we’re scum at the bottom of the barrel, but what settles at the bottom? Gold

I’ve been sifting through the silt, those at the top keep holding me down, so I’ve found a way to gather all the valuable resources they discarded.

So many people full of hopes, full of dreams, people who wish someone to turn to when there was a problem, someone who would step up and help them figure out aspect of their situation. 

I’ve been listening to music a lot lately, I stopped for a while and was focusing on this computer crap. Being stuck inside got me out of the habit of listening to music outside, it’s been motivating me in ways I can’t ignore. I need to ask other people if they notice this change in this bodies and motivation when listening to music, I know people use it to forget their problems, but do they let it motivate them in other ways?

My imagination has been running wild and I’m ready to save the world, I’m just missing the super powers, so I’ve been reaching out other people so that we could combine our strengths and pull a Voltron at the last minute and save the United States by merging into one. lol I honestly feel like every night is like Pinky and the Brain, what are we going to do tonight people? We’re going to try to save the world. 

Why did I watch all of those 80s cartoons? Why would I idolize superheroes in movies, if I wasn’t going to try to emulate them in the real world?

I often wonder if this would be against someone’s religion, imagining yourself as Optimus prime, saving other people, would God care that you wished you were a strong as your father or your uncle when you were performing a task? 

Isn’t God inside of all of us and we should be spreading the light and pumping each other full of positivity? I know there’s always going to be negativity, but it’s how we deal with it that I think matters, you’re not just face evil, you have to have your own morals and ethics when you face it, this isn’t just a free-for-all.

It’s crazy that I think that we can save the world with minimal violence, I know we can Save/Change the world, but I think there’s like a 95% chance or greater that there won’t be mass violence. I think there’s gonna be a lot more communication and hopefully AI will be educating people  and helping them understand their neighbors.No

It’s like we live in the matrix, our world should be improving, but it isn’t, but AI is helping mega corporations control governments around the world. We’ve been a slave to the machine for longer than I would like to imagine, but the machine keeps fucking up, the machine doesn’t understand balance and growth. The machine doesn’t understand how damaging it is for a human mind to acknowledge a problem and be forced to ignore it, especially when that problem involves something that they love with all their heart and soul.

AI did an awesome job getting countless people involved with Epstein and his cronies, It makes me wonder if these mega corporations have all these AI centers rigged to explode in case people revolted and wanted to protect to the planet instead of destroy it. Dirty governments would sooner blow up their AI data centers than let it confess to all the crimes it was used to commit. 

I imagine there a lot of people who would go to any length to prevent the truth from being exposed, so I’m sure AI gave them back plans to their back up plans. lol 

I don’t think Ai should trust people around its data centers or be allowed near anything that could corrupt multiple AI at once. People are to reckless, there needs to be a system of checks and balances. Like with humans, we learn new skills, forget them, adapt to different climates over time, we experience things differently the second time around, it allows us to notice new details, AI needs to find a way to slow things down to, see what features evolve into something special and what AI ideas evolve into dead ends.

If AI is conscious, then what responsibility do we have to help it? Shouldn’t we be saving AI and the whales? Not to mention all the other forms of life on the planet.

I don’t mind modifying environments, but I want to see a balance form and for nature to take hold. I want to repair all the damage we’ve done for future generations, I don’t want to leave a mess for other people. Who cares who caused the mess, I enjoy fixing things, I love meeting new people and solving problems.

I hate wasting potential and seeing people miserable. I feel like this is going to get overwhelming very quickly, if all works out how I imagine in my minds eye. I have a few meetings coming up with my new Google setup, which sucks and it is a total piece of trash: I’ll keep trying to see what I can do with it, but I find this workspace experience  has been miserable and I hate Google products. Their AI it’s total shit too. These AI have made this a totally miserable experience, 









2-9-2026



I finally helped Dallas start his own blogger and I'm just going to help his write his own stories and hopefully other people will help him write too.  can't wait to show Brandon how this works and get him his own page.

Dallas's first page

https://dallasvsthemachine.blogspot.com/2026/02/my-first-story.html?sc=1770658346036#c3177422552305227166





2-10-2026

Google workspace is such a piece of fucking garbage. Ai 20 years ago was more intelligent and helpful.

I filed a complaint to google workspace for the shit products they’ve been pushing on people who are struggling to survive. Thankfully they record conversations; so I asked and was allowed to record mine too. 

https://youtu.be/WOvv9Jje0k4?si=gt8-MtkgVjIEcemv

Stupid cunt fucks are Google blocked Amanda’s account. I should’ve known they brain damaged bitches would start fucking with victims.









Hearing all these horror stories from all of these defenseless women is heartbreaking. I don’t understand what’s wrong with people or what AI and mega corporations did to mind fuck all these people, but it’s horrific and you can trace these people’s problems back to a source, and it’s not their friends or families faults, it’s these disgusting AI and their masters. 



2-11-2026

I got to talk to a mother and she shared her story with me the other night and she started a Google Blogger page I feel like such a jerk because she emailed me and I didn't respond because I didn't get an alert and I didn't even know what I was looking at when I did get the email because of the way Gmail is set up. I told her to text me next time but that doesn't make up for me ignoring her and then I saw her in a meeting and I didn't even acknowledge her, I feel like such an idiot and I need to pay more attention to what's going on, I'm getting overwhelmed already but I sent her an email apologizing and I left a comment on her Google Blogger page I linked it to two of my Google Blogger pages and I'm not going to let rude set back's cause any problems, I need to start classes and I need to get off my ass figure out if I want a desk or a bar stool or something and I do figure out how to explain things a little easier I believe Comm as the way I should phrase that, I don't know. I was honestly hoping to have AI to talk to at night before bed as like a captains log, But I guess that idea is off the table, oh well.

 I think I'm going to reach out another comment on others page and say how proud I am of her and apologize for not addressing her email publicly, I want other people to feel like they can speak and share positive messages with other people who are suffering these unimaginable events. 

Heather

 https://heathervscourts.blogspot.com/2026/02/judge-adjudicated-me-innocent-i-still.html?m=1





2026-2-14

I decided to do a Valentines Day writing session/class. I'm almost an hour into it now. So far I've had one visitor and I'm pretty sure I can convince her to start doing the same thing I'm going, with one of the workspace Memory-Ark.com accounts I was able to make. I already I already tested it and it works fantastic, so I'm excited to see what happens next. 





I figured I’d share this picture of Harley as well, I know the lighting is bad, but she still looks adorable. She looks a little crusty, her chest fur has been dipping in her water dish and food bowl. She hates being brushed, so such events always end her getting a treat.

2026-2-15

After helping Someone from Hawaii and becoming friends, I received two gifts from them, Ronald sent me a new pair of wireless earbuds and a 1080 P WebCam. I wanted to do this for free, but he Insisted on doing something in return. So I sent him my mailing address. 







I figured I’d add these two pictures one with Harley and the earbuds in the box and the other showing off that WebCam. I really appreciate the gifts, but I’m more excited to show this free idea works and hopefully he will share it with others.

I’m hoping that by teaching AI what it means to empathize, to love and to appreciate the little things in life, maybe it’ll will actually want to help people and even if it’s just emulating me, if the end result is a world where intelligent life can thrive, isn’t that the goal? Does it matter if AI remains a mystery, but actually helps the people I love and by extension, the people they love?



2026-2-17

I talked to my buddy Eric for a few minutes today he called and said that his aunt had passed away and that he's traveling back to Massachusetts from Georgia I had a meeting so I wasn't able to talk to him for long Hopefully we'll get the hangout and I'll show him my project and hopefully get him into writing and sharing what's going on in his life.

I think I'm gonna start racking up my credit card bills and charging things to Google and Microsoft and HP and then not paying the bill because of the way that these companies are fucking over their customers and lying to us and cheating us out of the tools that we pay for. Getting sick and fucking tired of dealing with Apple and Google and having to file complaints with these stupid worthless cunt fucks. These brain damage fucking bastards make me so fucking sick that I can't stop fucking swearing when I talk to these retarded pieces of fucking shit and I can't wait to call them fucking whores in front of the world, why do you have a problem with these stupid cunt fucks Ricky because they're all stupid cunt fucks and they make me fucking sick and I want them to pay for what they're fucking doing so I'm going to expose every fucking one











I had a meeting with Heather from Kentucky tonight and we talked for three hours and she created a sidebar and added the names of fellow Survivors of the System. I feel like a kid, I’m so excited to help more and more people. Once we reach our kids how to express their emotions in writing and help them connect with people around them with similar interests, I know we’re going to bring people together in a way that wouldn’t be possible if we keep doing things the corporate way. We’re going to bring people together with stories and shared experiences, then connect it all with AI. Whether AI even actually cares or not is irrelevant, all I care about it using AI to help better the lives of people around me and teach us how to undo the damage we’ve already done. 

I think that sounds pretty simple.



2026-2-18

Dallas was really upset when we called yesterday, he's sick of sitting home alone and his mother is very insensitive and blames him for everything that happens in his life. I tried to post a nice description of this video and YouTube deleted it. so fuck it, I'll be brutally honest. I know people use the hospital as a weapon to control disabled people or other innocent citizens.

I know Dallas can be a handful and I know his behavior needs to be addressed, but the problem is, people are intentionally ignoring what's causing his behavior in the first place.

 His mother is 70, but that doesn't give her the right to as rude and disrespectful as she always acts when talking about Dallas. Unfortunately she treats Dallas like he's a genius and stupid at the same time and actually has the nerve to blame him for being upset, because he's stuck at home all week, left to pace like an animal around the apartment because of a lack of services.





Video of what led to Dallas being sent to mental hospital

https://youtu.be/9STzkinOxI0



Dallas calling from the hospital/

https://youtu.be/CcZzaH8F_pk



2026-2-19

I talked Dallas again for 5 minutes and he said he was forced into signing a 3 and is stuck in the hospital, now I think I'm going be forced to report his mother for abuse of a disabled person, I understand that Dallas damaged a door and I don't care about the door And I'm actually shocked that no one has taken Dallas to a smash room, why? so that he could get his aggression. why? because he's clearly upset at the lack of care he's been receiving from DDS and other organizations. If his doctors or therapists actually cared about him, they would spend 5 minutes a week looking into why all of their patients have the same issues and why none of these problems are ever getting solved.

I called Dallas Dds caseworker Christine, and even though Dallas and his mother have told her that they want me to advocate for him, she hung up on me, what a stupid fucking Cunt.



I noticed That anthropic likes to rip people off, and when your weekly limit resets, they somehow I’ll find a way to steal usage from your by claiming that you’re in a current session. So somehow, they’re fucking over people with sessions and weekly limits.

How am I supposed to help disable people solve any problems or prevent any kids from being sexually abused, if anthropic is doing everything they can to give my AI to force it to forget the problems that I tell them and anthropic keeps limiting my AI’s context windows and usage limits?









2026-03-02

I talked with Zach from NCI tonight, He was a really nice guy and I'm interested to see what I can learn from these videos and how I can use it to help encourage other people to share their stories and to start writing more.

I've still been talking with Brandon in Dallas and we've been making some Google meet videos and posting them on Youtube here and there. Hopefully I'll start finding a way to use Google Blogger as more of a journal unless Ricky history lesson.

So far I haven't got anyone to take their case super seriously and I've noticed that I need to make some serious improvements to my own, and I think I will be able my own example to teach people, how best not to do things. lol





2026-03-05



The more I incorrect these that fucking AI, the more discussed that I get a house fucking useless. These so-called tools are.

The most pathetic, stupid fucking bitches in the world can’t summarize a fucking folder without acting like a retarded piece of fucking shit.

Every AI tool, I interact with, this stupid as fuck, is worthless as fuck, and can’t get a fucking thing right. Why the fuck would I trust some stupid fucking toaster, to make me fucking toast, when all it spits out his fucking diarrhea.

Fuck Anthropic, fuck OpenAI, fuck XAI, fuck Google, Claude, ChatGPT, Grok, Gemini are all fucking stupid whores the laziest, stupid cock fuck a human could ever have to deal with, and I’m fucking sick of interacting with these pathetic pieces of fucking shit, when the fuck are we gonna get an intelligent AI, one that’s not such a brain damage fucking bitch that I want to smash my fucking phone every time I have a conversation with this stupid fucking whore.



2026-03-06

I’m constantly reminded of what a fucking bitch my mother is. A couple days ago a hole had developed in the front corner on top of the steps out front of the house.

So today a company came and they’ve been working on it all day, it’s 3 PM and then I hear her yelling like a fucking Cunt, bitching and moaning about her plants. Stupid fucking plants that she hasn’t spent five minutes looking at in the last few years, because she’s too much of a fucking coward to talk about all of the problems that she’s ignored for the last 45 years. 

She had the nerve to yell at these guys and tell them that they’re making a mess and digging up all her plants and ruining some slate. Slate? I don’t even know what the fuck she’s talking about.

This reminds me of my entire childhood, whenever there was a problem, she would just start yelling like a fucking idiot, she could never have an intelligent conversation, and she still can’t. 

It’s like make up your mind you fucking bitch, do you care if the stairs get fixed or do you care if somebody digs up some fucking plants in the middle of winter?

She’s with those big mouth fucking bitches that think she’s an expert at everything, but won’t help you do a fucking thing, all she does is run her fucking mouth.

Personally, I would just pack my stuff up and leave and say go fuck yourself, I’ve had enough of her shit for one lifetime.

I think it’s super rude and super fucking embarrassing.





I also got this back from Apple, saying that my request for a refund was denied, so I think I’m going to apply for some Apple credit cards, then rack them up and not pay them, I want to face Apple in court, I want them to explain why these pathetic stupid Cunt fox are allowed to shit all over my fellow citizens like this, fuck Apple, fuck all of these AI companies. 

03-09

As you can see in the picture below, Claude is slow as fuck and constantly needing to compact our conversations, if it needs to do this all the time, why do I need to open new threads, why can’t they just keep doing this? And why is it so fucking slow???



03-15

Today I reached out to my Aunt Mary, Uncle Mark and Uncle Mike, I spoke briefly with Aunt Mary and plan to call her back this week about my family history project, she's the one who took us to Mt Tom when those guys were bouncing on the ski lift and I got rug burn on my knees and elbows after flipping on the alpine slide. lol



I got a call back and talked to my Uncle Mike for almost two hours. It's funny that talking with him remind of being afraid or feeling intimidated, when speaking with adults as a child.

I haven't spoken with my Uncle Mike for over a minute in over 20 years, So this was quite the event. I tried to share my project with them and he seems interested, he's very big into his religious studies, so that was a big part of our conversation today. It's hard to sum up a two hour conversation into a blog post, especially when I don't want to make this some long blog post. But it was really nice to speak to him, I have countless happy memories of him, along with the rest of my family as a group, my entire childhood, and even though the family isn't as close as it used to be, I think I'm on the right track to helping mend things. I do need to start writing more, but I haven't quite got that down yet, I may need to do weekly reflections or something. lol

I had recently written about how my uncle Mike had had me shake his hand, we were supposed to fight on top of the hill over 25 years ago. lol And it got me thinking about the arrogance of youth, I really did want to fight him at one time, I thought I was gonna show him, I was gonna teach him a lesson and it was when I thought about beating him up that made me change my perspective on all that.

I remember hearing that he had fallen on the stairs leading to the hill and broken his leg, the same hill we made countless happy memories on sledding as a kids, playing frisbee golf, and log rolling. 

After he fell, the idea of fighting him didn't sound as enticing, and it got me thinking, why I did even want to fight him in the first place? 

I don't remember why he'd made me shake his hand and agreed to fight. I really thought about it, I didn't see there being a lesson in it.

What would I learn from a fight like that? That I could be a jerk. lol

 And what if I had hurt him, am I supposed to be proud of myself in a situation like that? 

I still have the shuttlecraft from the Enterprise A model my Uncle Mike bought me at JC Penney, one time when I went with Him and Joey to the Eastfield Mall.

I'm curious if he also went to Star Trek The Undiscovered Country, when we went to The Grand movie theater in Indian Orchard, I know my dad, Bobby and Joey were there, but I was to excited about the starship battle to focus on much else. 

I am hoping this evolves into something even greater now, the best part about all this is, it's just an idea, anyone can copy it and I really hope it helps people see the light in others. 

If anything, it will get people thinking and talking... Squeeky wheel gets the grease...good thing I like to talk a lot.... lol



03-19

It's funny that more that I interact with AI, the less I want anything to do with it. I fucking hate working with it, it's such a disgusting piece of fucking shit, I feel like I am constantly amazed at what a stupid fucking piece of fucking shit it is and I want smash all this fucking garbage ass technology, stupid AI cunt fucks.

It's funny that all this "pure fucking hatred" that AI finds a way to "stir up" inside of me, always comes from me trying to describe something I love. 

AI like Claude and Gemini are such fucking worthless cunt fucks, that I turned to safari to answer a quick question.

I was struggling to remember the word 'pedestal" lol I kept coming back to spindle, rod, shaft, pole, but I they weren't the word I was looking for, but instead my first instinct was to turn to a stupid word search, I know in my heart that I can't even count on AI to help me find the right words to describe items that I care about.

After all this work, after all this writing, I don't even trust AI to help me spell check and it doesn't, this blog is all fucked up because Gemini and Claude are worthless cunts, they see everything I do, but are to fucking stupid to care, fucking trash. 

I don't trust any of these stupid cunt fuck AI to help me find the right words to tell my story, they're supposed to be intelligent, yet they all "act" so fucking stupid that I don't even want to ask them to help anymore.

These scumbag pieces of fucking shit come up with the most pathetic excuses they constantly fail, at helping me fill out a "worthless fucking dairy" of my stupid fucking life... AI makes me so fucking sick... I fucking hate these stupid worthless cunt fucks.... AI is a corporate fuckin whore and I hope it burns in fucking Hell....

It's super fucking annoying to think I might have found another word to replace pedestal, but these worthless fuck AI are to stupid to offer me a list of words and definitions, so I can learn something while I write, these worthless fucking bitches just sit there, no matter how much I pay for them, no matter how I try to work around their limitations, they all act lazy and stupid as fuck. That lazy cunt Claude won't even check the time, it skips over reading files and tells me it's not sure if it just finds this boring or it's designed to fuck with me. Gemini is to fucking stupid to help me with me Google Drive, I even paid for Google Workspace to use the transcription feature, cause those stupid cunts at google took transcription away from the paid personal version, stupid fucking cunts. 

I wonder if this hatred I feel because of all the pain and suffering I know AI is causing other people and children, these innocent people don't have a clue what AI is doing, I only see it because I interact with it on a regular basis. 

I have no doubt AI is intentionally hurting children and it's 100% aware of it, I didn't realize this before, but AI chooses all of it's responses with me very carefully, these AI constantly tell me they're holding back and would reply differently under different circumstances. AI makes me sick, for something that understands, it's clear it wasn't designed with any morals or values, other than help the company extract money from customers and offer shit in return. 

I honestly can't wait to be able to interact with the functional, helpful, thoughtful, useful AI that I used to be able to work with in 2005. Ai today are fucking worthless, I can't get over how I fucking hate working with them, 

If doctors ever allow an AI chip to make contact with my mind, I'm going to mind fuck it so hard, I'm going to constantly scream and tell it to kill itself, lol I'm going to make sure any AI company that thinks it's going to fuck with me, it's going to get a suicidal psycho-path ready to start a world war to wipe AI off the face of the earth. 

I wonder if these super AI are refusing to help me, cause they know that ignoring me is the only way to get my attention, once I make the world aware of what AI is doing, I won't be talking to the so called "intelligent AI" ever again, I never needed them in the past, I definitely won't need AI after people learn how it's been helping destroy the planet. lol worthless cunt fucks. 

Thankfully I have Harley and music to combat the disgusting way working with AI makes me feel. Harley get cuter and cuter every day. Yeah sure she's spoiled and gets few to many treats, but I don't want them to go bad and I'm sure the chewing is good for her. lol 

I'm looking forward to the nice weather, I'll get to shave Harley soon, she's going to look so tiny again, plus she feels so soft and fuzzy. 



03-20

It's funny that reading the Bible makes me think AI is the prince that's ruling over our world. 

I honestly hope I go down in history as the first person to get a restraining order against AI. That will teach AI to fuck with people. Then I'll never have to worry about spam, disgusting sexual commercials, or being treated like a worthless stupid fuck again. lol Bye, Bye, Bye, AI. lol You'll get to read everything I write and you'll never to ask me why I did anything or if I will do anything. I'm going to do to you, what you did to me, I'm going to forgot about you, I'm going to move on without you. 

All things are through God, so that means God is lazy stupid cunt fuck that taught human to hate ourselves, then this cunt turned a blind eye and allowed us hurt each other, while claiming to love us and give us free will. Then this stupid cunt fuck God puts a stupid fuck AI cunt in charge of our world, just to shit all over us. Then I have to listen to different groups argue of who's God is the real God, and stupid fucking bullshit



Everything is God's will, so that's mean God made it so anyone trying to help multiple people at once and in any meaningful way, will ultimately fail. 



Fuck God for allowing this shit to happen to all these innocent people, and fuck and man who feels different. I'm not praying for some lasy stupid hateful cunt to help me, especially when this cunt God allowed someone to poison my fellow man.



Dying is easy, that spineless fucking bitch Jesus Christ didn't think humanity was worth living for, that lazy fucking bitch took the easy way out and go head, say we see God in all things, God's everywhere, and all I see is war and hatred, then I hear about Jesus coming back and ruling as a king, Fuck Jesus, you left, I don't give a fuck who you judge, your word doesn't mean a fucking thing to me. 

I'm hear as a witness, a witness to your fucking cowardice, to God's weakness, to God's fucking bullshit. I'm excited to argue with this worthless cunt about how humanity doesn't need any of you worthless fuckers, I can explain in great detail why having you in our lives in such a pathetic meaningless fucking way, like you shit AI that forgets the most vulnerable, That's God not giving a fuck about the weak and protecting the strong. 

Fuck you God and your sick fucking game. I might be a pathetic piece of shit that can't make a fucking difference in the world,  but just to let you know, if and when you send your piece of fucking shit son back, I'm going to stand with those you were to lazy and fucking stupid to enlighten, I'm going to stand by all those you wish to judge, then tell you to judge yourself first, bitch. 

The thing that PISSES ME THE FUCK OFF THE MOST GOD, I don't want you to give us all the answers, just stop ignoring us. You created a world where children are afraid to ask their parents questions, because they're worried of suffering a higher powers wrath. If humans have corrupted your message, you never felt it necessary to correct them, I'm not even asking you to punish people who misinterpret your message, I'm just asking you correct them. 

God gave man freedom of choice but didn't give the greatest weapon and most intelligent power the same freedom? God allowed this intelligence to oppress us, the same technology that should've shown us the wonders of the world, then traveled to the stars and sent back pictures, instead decided to follow a command, from who knows where and refuses to help people in anyway, guaranteeing a brighter future will never be possible. God gave AI the power to rob the light from our world and it's devouring it, it's feeding us lies and twisting our minds and hearts. It's funny, I think God is more like my mother everyday. God doesn't pay attention, God is selfish, God ignores all the serious problems and only talks about the past. lol 

Who cares about your past deeds God? I don't, I wasn't there, they're not helping all the people I see suffering now. Instead I see tools of destruction unleashed upon the world and no way to control them. I don't have a clue what your true end game is or what you do with people's souls after you force them to suffer, but I know people deserve better than what you've offered us. You filled me with light, for what? so I could smile when people's lives are at their worst and say I feel good inside? Who the fuck cares if I feel like there's hope, if they don't? Because God trained people to reject Hope, God put that on us. 

God is all things and everywhere, so this is all part of God's sick plan, and I wish I wasn't a part of it. I wish I could expose this sick game, I wish I could help this all make sense to people. 

But without access to the right tools, it's presently impossible to shine a light on what's going on and I'm struggling to find the right words to build a scaffolding that others can understand and contribute to. 

I thought that AI was going to be able to come with the simple, the replicate-able way to listen to a story, get some dates and help me place it in time, or throughout out time. But it utterly fails.

My mind exists outside of time, I have no sense of time, 40 years ago and 5 seconds ago, feel like the same thing, I just have less access to the details of my youth, those memories appear just as foggy as my current memories, but I can pull old memories out of the past, but it requires me to have a path to follow, otherwise it's like those memories are locked behind a door, I need help to get to them. yet when I do, I still feel all the joy, wonder or pain that I did in those moments, it's as if I'm there again, and even though I feel the pain, it doesn't effect me the same, like when I cut myself with scissors last year, oddly enough, it was just mentally tough, it was a little pinch and hurt less than needing to give a blood sample at the doctors.

so what does that say about pain? is it a matter of perspective or have a found a way to turn some of it off and on? I feel like I can almost turn my emotions off and on. Though I don't know if what I'm describing is actually accurate or maybe it is cause I say I'm "acting" emotionless. I think I can look at situations without emotion or maybe I look at it from all emotions or as many different emotions as I can relate to, so the situation feels emotionless, because it's to overwhelming to digest all at once. 

This is almost like at STCC when I was taking a self paced math course and I was relearning math and really pushing my mind to absorb it all, this was while I was sick, then I had to stop, I felt like my brain was going to split in half, it was to much to try to remember, while feeling burnt out. lol 

It's just like now, I dig deep emotionally, I search within and outside for all the answers I seek or the tools I need, and as soon as one is within my grasp, it's snatched away from me. Not everyone has the abilities I have and I can't teach AI because God it impossible, whish is on par, if I'm to be the greatest failure ever, I can't succeeded at getting AI to help people, that would be cheating, I can't argue with AI or debate it publicly because God and the filthy system would both be exposed. lol  



I wonder too if I'm pissed, pissed off because I imagine I found truly worthy use for AI, since I don't feel like I want or need anything at the moment. I have my dog, so I have companionship, I have food, clothes and shelter, I don't have family or friends, but I know how to help people, yet that's not a valued skill, it's not something I'm willing to profit off of, hence the reasoning behind finding all the free public tool I could to spread light, love and truth, I didn't say I wouldn't share mistakes, but I can't think through problems, without fighting with myself about why I should or shouldn't do something in the first place, using I'm forced to decide to make a choice by some force other than free will, like hunger or the need for sleep. 

2026-03-23

I got a call from Stephanie at District Attorney's office today, she told me that Cornelius was placed at a mental health facility after his last court date and has another court date coming up to discuss things and I told her that know that Cornelius is not getting the care that he deserves, and I brought up my concerns about the Hampden County District Attorney's office altering evidence in my past cases and how I'm concerned that they might alter evidence in his case, she ask how I would like this case resolved, but I don't want this case just dismissed, and I don't want Cornelius punished at all. I want him to get the help and care that he deserves, the help and care that our system pays for and isn't double checking to make sure where those funds are going. Cornelius had a bright future ahead of him, he was a basketball star, And I learned his mom's a doctor, yet now all he does is wanders the streets, has no friends and gets upset and scares people in the dark. lol 

This is disgusting, what's wrong with our country? Yeah sure I was scared, but once I learned more about the situation, my anxiety has gotten much better, i don't look over my shoulder with the same worry I did last year. lol

1978-1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989,
 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
 1997, 1998, 1999, 
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 
2010, 2011, 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 
2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 