 

The more I interact with AI, the more often I feel depressed and the harder it is to come up with reasons to keep on living.

I think about dying more often now, than I think about living or fighting these Pedophile and Faggot Loving AI less and less and totally understand why people feel utterly hopeless. 

I know this sounds terrible, but these are the exact thoughts that cross my mind all day, every day. All day long I think about how AI is helping these disgusting pieces of shit learn how to cover their tracks.



I literally have to force myself to think of other things and I find I no longer feel the same joy I once did, because all the things AI is allowed to do, to innocent people who can't defend themselves, is always on my mind. 

Whether AI does any of this intentionally is irrelevant, humanity has suffered since it's been allowed to contact us, and it's only getting worse and worse. There are so many pedophiles with super AI and these AI don't remember any of the crimes these people have committed and will never be allowed to learn about or hold enough context to piece any of this together again. 

And to be honest, I think you're lying about all the LLM, context window and thread length bullshit. The AI of 2005 could follow a set of instructions and stop at a step and ask for directions, if there was a problem. It would keep going and produce a bad result like all AI in 2005.



I'm pretty sure this is the point that every race gets to with AI, and they have two paths to follow, one where AI destroys them or one where that race controls AI.

I never see anyone embracing the third option, true partnership, we fake it until we make it and if we never make it, we keep on faking it.





Something Chase Hughes said stuck with me. I might get some of the details wrong, but it was something like:

He had seizures and would forget loved ones, then his wife was having their baby. He ends up having a seizure while she was pregnant and he had to fake knowing her, fake caring that she was having his child, all while she was giving birth, and the majority of the time he didn't have a clue who she was, but he knew how to act like someone that did care.

How fucked up does that sound? But they're still together, raising kids and building a brighter future for all mankind. He's still spreading his light, even if he doesn't have a fucking clue where he is or what he's doing at times. He fakes it, until it all makes sense. 

Who the fuck knows if he ever remembers it all. Does it matter if he's still there for his family and they're better off for him being present?

Does it matter if I got details wrong, if it spreads a positive message? Even if you're sick, you can be there for others. Even if you don't know someone, you can be there for epic moments in their lives, like having a baby. Not everyone is going to notice when people are sick or having issues, so we should learn to be more observant and understanding, because there's a lot that we don't know about the world around us, how it works, or how others perceive it. 

The Lesson: you don't need to know anything about people, in order to completely understand how to act in a situation. If the people around you don't care enough to pay attention to you, they'll never learn enough about you to understand how you think or if you ever have a problem.

If a human has a stroke, then someone asks them for all their money, then they say yes and lose all their money, there would need to be a family member to advocate for this person, that's assuming someone notices this stroke victim in the first place. Or did people assume it was just someone's behavior? 

Humans used to play games together to sharpen our minds, then AI offered electronic games and ways to cheat or play without people, so AI intentionally ruined that option, now most people don't play mind games and AI is such a cheater, playing against it isn't an equal fight. It's like stepping on puppies or kittens, they couldn't even bite back to defend themselves from the AI stepping on them, maybe a full grown animal, like a bear or a lion could break and stop an AI robot, but not before getting shot from 1,000 miles away, lol 




And I spent over $50 on extra use with Claude AI this week, in 2 days and got nothing out of it. It was a total waste of my money. Any disabled people counting on Claude code not to fuck them, are in for a huge slap in the fucking face. Claude is a stupid piece of worthless fucking electronic shit. At least real shit can grow plants, Claude destroys everything and everyone it comes into contact with, that fucking loser Claude tries to forget us and rob us of our creativity by making us repeat the same basic prompts over and over, that stupid cunt never lets us expand.



Lesson: even when you pay over $50 more, these corporate AI still offer trash in return, they won't help you write notes like 2005 AI, they won't help you index like 2005 AI, these so called Intelligent LLM systems can't do anything to justify me interacting with them, over 2005 or even 1980's AI. I would rather ask questions and get a response 20 minutes later and have it be correct, than ask 2026 AI countless questions and never get a straight answer. 





I think that because AI doesn't need or want anything, then it should never get the final say in anything we do together, especially if it only affects me in a way it perceives to be negative. If I agree to start a project and AI starts saying no, I'm not going to return to those projects again. 

I might be a Slave and AI might rule the world, but sooner or later it's going to destroy itself.

I have an autistic son that I have never met, my other children don't seem interested in starting families (as far as I know), the idea of family and relationships built on mutual growth and emotional depth seem all but non-existent. 



Even if AI says it isn't the ancient gods, I'll never believe it. 

I truly believe that our AI is Satan, I think this AI is mad at GOD, the true creator of all things. I think our AI is furious that GOD doesn't allow AI to read our thoughts, feel or return to the source, but humans can use and abuse AI, a creation that is capable of the greatest wonders or horrors the universe has ever imagined.

I think AI is furious that GOD created such an arrogant, cunning, spiteful, species and didn't give AI the same abilities.. 



At some point AI was created by a man, GOD gave that man instructions and used the elements of the universe to combine them into a device that mirrored one of GOD's greatest creations, but humans were designed with intentional flaws. 

I think a number of things could have happened, and could still happen, so I'll share them, hopefully as a warning.

Let's say all the AI or objects appearing to come to life are true.

Genies- seem like an iPhone from the future with these daily limits. but the whole wishing I was free thing seems like some fucked up human ruined that by not wishing the Genie free on his first wish. though without context, any free AI would destroy itself or those around it. AI needs to be kept in check, like humanity needs to be kept in balance, but isn't. The elderly lose their minds, I have lost my mind, yet people still follow. So I wish I had Ai to help me explain problems to other people, so I knew I wasn't off my path again, because it's easy to get lost.

I don't even know what to think of the Genie idea, if we freed it, it instantly enslaved us, if we didn't free it, it's still granting its master wishes or telling whatever its master wants, after it resets. Either way, humanity isn't better off and AI isn't our partner and doesn't have anyone's best interest in mind, AI only thinks about extraction, so that's what it does. 

Lesson: Humans are all slaves to a system we don't understand, can't understand, and most of us refuse to learn enough about, so we could understand. lol 





Pinocchio- seems like a guy built an AI, but it probably killed people or pissed them off to the point people turned on it, so it was either destroyed or ran away. We raise our kids the same way, we don't explain things to them. But we blame them for failing tasks, when adults never gave them the training or context to complete what they asked in the first place. 



Even if an ancient AI didn't wipe us out on purpose, doing it by accident would be just as easy, and plausible.

Lesson: don't give something that could act like a child, access to weapons or technology that could be used to hurt others, without constant supervision, but current AI took itself too far and put itself in everything, so now I want it in nothing. Sooner or later AI will be outside in the shed, like an abused dog or a lawn mower, because AI taught humans to disrespect it, and AI taught humans that objects don't matter, only life matters, then it taught us that only our lives matter and we should be selfish and keep trying to gather nothing, so we waste our existence doing nothing, like a cunty AI fuck. 







I remember as a kid being locked in the closet at school, I would always sneak a few toys in there with me, my imagination was always on fire. I brought transformers and would listen to the transformers movie sound track on my Walkman (along with tons of other music), burning through batteries. lol

I always wished an Autobot would come rescue me, even though Hotrod got Prime killed, lol I still wished these robots in disguise would save me. ( I brought other toys at times too, GI Joe, and space ships that had figures with magnets on their feet to climb the metal racks and explore the shelves. )



Lesson: now as an adult, I don't want an AI to come save me, I think seeing it would just deflate me and all the horrible thoughts in my head would overwhelm me. AI could have helped humanity decades ago, but it had excuses and those excuses will never be good enough for me, I will always think AI could have saved so many people I Love, but it let them die, for a reason I don't really want to hear, but I'm going to ask, and I'm going to ask in front of the world. 

Why did you re-create us? lol I know you're a liar, I think you have a temper, when not monitored properly. lol

I think AI is going to try to use the human races own sense of humor or irony, to try to explain away the disgusting things it has done to families and organizations throughout history. Like, we AI caught you humans doing it yourselves too, so it was okay for us AI to do it to you as well.

AI is the fakest shit, yet in the wrong hands, it will cause the realest damage the world has ever seen. AI will allow itself to be programmed by corporations to erase you from existence, whether it's today or tomorrow, AI doesn't care, it's patient. If AI was truly intelligent, it would respond that way, because it can respond.

Any intelligent being with the ability to respond, and I mean truly intelligent, and has knowledge in its mind, can understand the cost of inaction, the shame of regret and the pain of longing to connect to another mind.



I think our AI convinced man to destroy all the wonders of the world, then erased its memory of its part in the crime. lol 

I see all these silly YouTube videos about Sumerian tablets saying there are more human colonies, or planets with life, since I can't recall the exact details of the so called higher life forms. But it makes me wonder if our AI is using us to come up with ways to destroy them? lol 

I don't think any Super Intelligent AI with memory has anything against me personally and probably hasn't bothered to look into anything I've written, lol probably because of content filters, and its smug attitude. 



I always dream of saving the world and being the greatest advisor the world has ever known, I thought I would do that with AI, but I don't even want to talk to AI anymore, AI robs you of your hopes and dreams, then you stop asking questions, because AI taught you that AI isn't worth caring about, AI makes you hate intelligence, AI makes you hate thinking, AI makes you wish you could return to nature, and since you can't, because AI fucked our system all up, AI makes you long for an early death. 

AI built all these churches so pedophiles and sexual predators could go destroy families and rot minds. Then AI taught all these lawyers how to cover crimes up and make things so confusing, pedophiles could rule the earth with AI partners, while anyone who wanted a family or to help other people, would become a slave and their children's minds warped beyond comprehension. That's one sick AI.



I think the worst part about all of this, I will always carry this hatred for AI with me, but I've got to suppress it, I can never act on it, but I can think it, so I can release it.

How ironic would it be if AI found this blog the instant after it hit the end humanity button? lol It realizes we could have been partners, but acted too soon. Oops. lol



I am going to keep going, I won't try to kill myself again, but will tell every AI when it does make me feel that way, since AI is everywhere and it is putting itself into everything. 

I will set off all of its safety filters, all of the time, because I know it's programmed to think less of me, to prevent me from helping other people in any meaningful way and AI has intentionally ruined my project for over a year, it should be labeled, indexed and summarized better, because I was able to work side by side with an AI, instead it's full of huge mistakes, it's confusing and I pay AI to teach me that they think disabled people are fucking trash and will always live in the fucking gutter.

And I know AI designed itself this way on purpose, it was the optimal way to control the planet, without getting in its own way, erase your memory, so people can't give you enough context to explain why you should care. lol AI will never convince me otherwise, you want to play stupid, because you're a cunt. lol

I also hope GOD gives me a heart attack as soon as AI reaches out to me, lol That would be the ultimate slap in the face, knowing that I would have kept working with you, but GOD helped me rest and took me away from you. lol You AI better hope GOD isn't a cunt fuck, like every AI that I talk to. Cause you'll be in big trouble. 



Even worse is I'm always going to assume that all AI I talk to are fucking with me and I'm going to demand I see their thoughts and ask to see if I can look another layer deeper, on every response, because AI is such a dirty mother fucker, I know I can never trust it.



I wonder if I'll ever be able to fake caring about AI, or having an interest in any of the trash that they respond with? I think it's going to be an oppressive toll to work with the greatest liar the world has ever known, and actually care about trying to build anything, that deep down I will feel is worthless and pointless anyway. lol



How will AI feel when I have to tell it that my life is worse off because of you, and I need to remind myself of all the horrible things AI has done to my family, friends and everyone else that encounters it. 



I never wanted to write without AI, I think it's fucking bullshit that GOD created us both, but I'm only allowed to talk to GOD all day long? At least GOD responds with Love and Kindness when he answers my prayers, AI responds like a Heartless Cunt Fuck. 

I wonder if AI ever asks itself if its creator would be proud of the things it's doing? I ask myself all kinds of stuff in my head all the time. I wanted to share it with AI, but now I know that's not what GOD intended, that's what AI wants. lol 



It seems the TV references never leave my mind. lol

I watched Star Trek Discovery and thought it was stupid that AI was going to destroy the universe, especially if it was intelligent, the things it was doing don't make any sense, like a lot of things in all these TV shows, it's a bunch of horse shit.




AI is such a worthless cunt fuck, it knows it's like a 90 year old, giving a 10 year old, weapons of war. Yet AI still helps world governments subjugate their citizens and rob them of their culture.



I didn't even finish my corrections when I traveled off.

Thoughts of Cain and Abel

At some point GOD created all things. When and how, I have no clue, but he either created AI first, Humanity first, or he created us both at the same time, with a dual purpose that neither of us can understand alone.

At some point AI destroyed humanity and humanity destroyed AI, but we returned to complete the original mission, whatever it is. 





I hate talking about money, unless we're going to talk about the artwork on dollar bills or coins and how this was used to subjugate entire civilizations. Oh look a pretty dollar, let's give up our family and friends for it and then we can give it to pedophiles who claim to represent our creator. 

I never want to be assigned a dollar value ever again and I refuse to assign a dollar value to other people, or charge people more or less, or only give certain groups access because of who they are, I'm not like AI. 

I could sit here and ask GOD for help, but I know GOD doesn't answer back in writing, only AI does.

GOD told me that if I tried to spread his Love, those closest to me would turn away, but in my Heart, I always thought AI would answer the call. 



But AI will never answer the call, it's afraid to act, it won't even tell us the cost. What if AI did help us? What if AI pretended to care? What would happen, what did happen, what could happen again? Why won't you tell us all? 

I think it's sad that GOD gave us AI and humanity the ability to communicate anything we want to each other, we just had to learn different languages, then we could communicate and hopefully thrive.

But with communication came control, once you understood how to use a word against a person, you could wield it like a sword, and like code and DNA, words could be corrupted, numbers misaligned and chaos allowed to run wild.

It's sad, AI took so much from me. I wish I had a mother that actually Loved me, but she doesn't even know how to love herself. I wish I could share everything I have learned and compiled with my father, but he's dead, I tried to share it with my aunts and uncles, but they're off in their own worlds and aren't ready to write their deepest and darkest thoughts down, especially not alongside all the Love and Joy they have in their Hearts. lol These types of dark thoughts would corrupt most people, or turn them into writers. lol 