Heather Hardin - 2026/02/17 20:08 EST - Transcript
Attendees
Heather Hardin, Ricky Stebbins
Transcript
Heather Hardin: I can't hear you.
Ricky Stebbins: Hello, Heather.
Ricky Stebbins: Sorry about that.
Heather Hardin: There you are.
Ricky Stebbins: How are you tonight?
Heather Hardin: How are you doing?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm Great.
Heather Hardin: I am okay dealing with the pressure and the stress of parenting with my second ex-husband. He makes it very difficult and has now went against our mediated agreement in twice in two days.
Heather Hardin: Yeah, lovely. yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's terrible.
Ricky Stebbins: And they turn our exes against us.
00:05:00
Heather Hardin: Both my first ex-husband and my second ex-husband. So, they had my first ex-husband put out an eco on me when I was married to my second ex-husband because he was mad that I divorced him and got with my second ex-husband. So, anyways, long story short, they were friends. They ended up not being friends. Of course, I understand. Completely my fault. I listen I repented for those sins. I lived a very sinful life and I repented of those sins. So God has put the shame and all that behind me. However, this is the outcome. This is so then the first ECO was dropped, dismissed by my first ex-husband.
Heather Hardin: Then my second ex-husband before we were divorced, he goes and puts a eco out on me in a different county where he was living They dismissed it. It was all over. they just kept on repeating the same thing that I was on drugs. I was unstable.  So when I'm passing all the drug screens and this and even the CPS worker, she's like in Bullet County, she's like, "She provided me with a drug screen that day. She provided me with drug screens from her primary care provider because I took a migraine medication and I had to get drug tested for that."
Heather Hardin: So that she was like, your honor, this was in bullet county, this needs to be like there is no evidence of drug use or that Heather is not a good fit parent to raise these children. And the judge looked at him and said, "If you ever bring her before me again without clear factual evidence, you will go to jail," she was not playing.  And I was like, "Dang." So, I thought, "Okay, here comes the third one." They both gang up together.
Heather Hardin: Like I told you in the beginning or the first time we met, they both ganged up together after that night that I had called in that CPS report because I had opened a beer on my front porch and after the kids were in bed so they both took out ECOs, had a judge sign the ECO without my knowledge and sheriff come to my house the next day after school and take my three children out of the house with my boy,…
Heather Hardin: my middle child. he kicking and screaming and fighting them the whole way, he was more strong at four years old than I was at 30 I think I was 38 years old. Dude, he was more strong than I was as an adult.
Ricky Stebbins: Kids, man.
Ricky Stebbins: Kids are the best.
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: Yeah. he's like, "You're not taking me from my mama." he's the one that lets me know. he's such an empath. Everything you say to him, he internalizes it. And when Josh is telling him that's my second ex-husband with the boys, when he's telling him you'll never go back to mommy doesn't love you, he's like me when I was a kid. my mom pulled that on me though. Look at the cycle. I'm sitting here seeing the cycle. my mom would do that to me. And my parents weren't even divorced yet. And my parents didn't divorce. I was 21 years old. But my mom would clearly tell me that my dad did not love me and…
Heather Hardin: me and my sister and that she was going to take us. And I would be like, "The hell you are." Like,…
Ricky Stebbins: That's horrible.
Heather Hardin: "No, you're not." Yeah. I mean, I remember that growing up. And now my baby boys are having to and my daughter, she's dealing with it too, but she's dealing with it differently where, my boys are more like their mama's. I mean, they're attached to me. Eva don't get me wrong, but especially my middle boy, I don't really want to say their names too much, but …
Ricky Stebbins: That's fine.
Heather Hardin: he is so attached.
Ricky Stebbins: I get it.
Heather Hardin: He's so attached and he is so I know you love me.  And then he told me the other night or the other day, I'm going try not to ball, but he said, "Mama, when I lay down to go to bed at night, I start to think about you." And I said, "You do?" I said, " honey, that's cuz your brain has been going and going and going, and now it's turning off. you're winding down. You don't have all this chaos going around, school and all this.
00:10:00
Ricky Stebbins: and kids should be allowed to talk about  is
Heather Hardin: and you actually get to sit down and have your thoughts. He said, "And mama, I cry sometimes because I miss you so much." And I'm like, " if you only knew. They're dead. I've spoke to the therapist that we're seeing now. because like I said, it took two and a half years for me to finally get ordered therapy because the dads had temporary custody. Then after I was adjudicated, they never gave me my custody back. My adjudication paperwork says Return children to parent or parents. It says it right there on the line. My kids were never returned to me.
Heather Hardin: My joint legal custody was never court order on a court order. She said she didn't want to do a hearing. She wanted us to mediate it. I went in front of her two to three different times asking for a hearing to get my joint custody back. This was in It's 2026 and I just now November of 2025.  That's three years later. I get my joint legal custody back after paying three grand to my attorney and the mediator. I had to pay three grand to get my joint legal custody back, which should have been given to me in 2024. But I shut down after that adjudication.
Heather Hardin: After I was proven innocent and everything, I shut down because I thought my kids are going to be returned to me. they're going to give me my kids right now.
Heather Hardin: Still on supervised visits, only seeing them every other weekend, one day or…
Ricky Stebbins: Do you have correspondence with your lawyers?
Heather Hardin: one day. It's rotated. Sorry. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: Do you have any emails?
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: Yes, I do.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to make all of that machine readable.
Ricky Stebbins: So, we need to see where your case is and how we can use this because all of these lawyers are liars and schemers and they tell you and half the truth is a lie to me when I lose my case and…
Heather Hardin: Okay. Yes.
Heather Hardin: Absolutely. …
Ricky Stebbins: Things don't work out for my
Ricky Stebbins: heads.  It's all a joke.
Heather Hardin: I won my case and you still didn't. All you had to do was  put a motion hour in motion to give me my legal joint custody and give me my time with my children. They wouldn't do it. So, I'm still in supervis I was still on supervised visits until like I said November. We mediated at the end of November 2025.  So January, February, 3 months ago, I just started getting every other weekend with my children unsupervised. And I was adjudicated innocent November 14th of 2024. That's another reason why I fired the attorney that I had and got this new one. And then he's supposed to be writing me some motions right now.
Heather Hardin: I put everything together for him.
Heather Hardin: Told him exactly what I wanted, exactly. I want contempt charges. I want the court to be made aware of what Josh is doing. I know, but I still have to build my case.
Ricky Stebbins: Nope. Nope.
Ricky Stebbins: No, you don't.
Heather Hardin: I still have to No.
Ricky Stebbins: No, you don't. Can I stop you for a minute?
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah. Stop me.
Ricky Stebbins: …
Heather Hardin: I get on a rant.
Ricky Stebbins: no. You are right to talk about your family,…
Ricky Stebbins: but we need to take a side road. We need to bring your family with us. I talked to a woman tonight and I think she's mad at me because I'm not fast enough by myself. She sent me I don't want to exaggerate, but I think there's 50 PDFs. I think there might be more than 50 PDFs and they're not machine readable.
Heather Hardin: Mhm. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And she's like, " this is all valuable evidence." What do you mean? I don't even know what this is. My AI can't read it. But the ai doesn't care about your paperwork. The AI cares about your story. How do your stories all match? And they're all the same.
Heather Hardin: Right. No,…
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry. Sorry about that. My dogs is wacky.
00:15:00
Heather Hardin: you're fine. Right. …
Ricky Stebbins: No one is documenting correctly in the first place. So it makes it so much harder. Like she asked me, can you read this?" And then I'm like, "Yes, I'll do it." And then she's like, "I'm going to go take a shower." And then I was just finishing making it machine readable and sending it to my AI when she got out of the shower. I'm like, "I'm not super fast." And…
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: then somebody called me. So I'm trying to do this and talk to the person.
Ricky Stebbins: Mike, if you would have made this machine readable and then asked my opinion, it would have been easier than cuz I'm not here to tell you anything except you're missing something.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: You're missing something. This isn't right.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: They are lying to you. That's it. I'm here to tell you they're lying and I'll tell you how and why and how we can prove it. I'm not going to just say, "Hey, they're lying to you." Yeah, we all know that. But how do we prove it? We need to prove it. And nobody's doing the right thing to prove it…
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: until you have to get those emails that you have. I'll have to teach you how to make them into PDFs. Then we're going to copy all the text and then we have to make sure the text is spaced right. It's all annoying. But for our kids. I'm like, this is war. I'm going to do everything and…
Heather Hardin: Yeah, it is.
Ricky Stebbins: all it is is paperwork.
Ricky Stebbins: All we're doing is paperwork for our kids and then we're going to win. man, I think my dog needs to go to the bathroom. I'm gonna switch you over to my How do I do this?
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: You can We're going to keep talking. I'm going to get on my cell phone, but she's such a pain.
Heather Hardin: Okay. …
Ricky Stebbins: But nobody's documenting, And it's terrible. So, we're all Yes.
Heather Hardin: let me just ask you one thing. I noticed during our last session that you use Claude the AI Claude.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I use the AI claw.
Heather Hardin: So, I just downloaded that to my phone and…
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you perfect.  Yeah.
Heather Hardin: I put Okay, I just downloaded that to my phone and I put in all the app close communication with me and u my ex-husband.
Heather Hardin: and I had it build me a timeline and kind of analyze where he's going with this, Because I'm always playing defense in court and I don't want to do that anymore. I have to get on the offense.  So that is why I've been on my attorney this one to go ahead and put motions in to get this out the uni unilateral decision- going against the court the mediated agreed orders before that the court orders all that so I was able to put all that in clawed and it really did a good job.
Heather Hardin: It takes a while, I guess, because maybe they're not like all PDFs, so it took a while to download everything. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay, we have to make sure that everything is correct and…
Ricky Stebbins: then we have to make sure everything is summarized and then it's such a pain and people don't understand we have to almost hold AI's hand when it's doing all this…
Ricky Stebbins: because most people just feed it some paperwork and say, " this happened." And that's not enough. It won't give you the right context unless you give it a speech. And I give the biggest speeches you could ever imagine. I'm so winded.
Heather Hardin: Yeah, that's…
Heather Hardin: what I did on this one. I've learned that it depends on what you're asking and you really have to go into detail with AI and so I've been doing that. I started to train myself to go into detail with when I'm asking these AI platforms for what I need. so I would know too. But I don't know Claude I liked it.
Heather Hardin: I mean, it gave me a pretty good version of events of also what kind of he's doing in that context too of how he's trying to build his case. and then it's also told me that I've done a really good job of keeping it factual. emot best interest of my children. evidence speak only if he starts because he alleges things.
00:20:00
Heather Hardin: He accuses me of things and I'm like, "Okay, factual when you have factual evidence, then you can let me know that and we can speak about that, but I won't go back and forth with accusations. I put a stop and he don't like it.
Heather Hardin: He does not like it because he likes it when I'm emotional because that's how he holds the kids against me. he won't let me have facetimes and things like that. So, I pulled myself out of the emotions and now he's mad because I'm pulling myself out of the emotions and keeping it factual and documentation like factual and for my documentation only and for the children for my babies.
Ricky Stebbins: But you see…
Ricky Stebbins: what the problem is here, Do you see…
Heather Hardin: I mean,…
Ricky Stebbins: what the problem is?
Heather Hardin: There's a bunch of problems, Ricky. Honestly.
Ricky Stebbins: There needs to be a room of 15 hundred of us saying the same thing. You tell your story and then we all need to ask why is this guy allowed to slander her and talk trash to the children and ruin the children's image of their mother? I don't care…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: what you did in the past. I don't care.
Ricky Stebbins: I've done plenty of stupid things and I'm not here to judge anyone. And most people here are doing far better in their lives than I have after the fact. I'm on disability and I'm at home trying to help people. Most people went through a train wreck and then got jobs and they're trying to hold careers and families together and I don't have to do that.
Heather Hardin: I mean that Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So I can see I step back and you guys don't see the big picture. Yes.
Heather Hardin: No, you're right. Because, for so long, I would hear these women and these men coming into the supervising facility where they had me at where I could only see my kids for one hour once a week, and I had to pay for it, All these court, let's throw her money there,  But so many times I would listen to them because I would sit there and I would be crying, because you have to wait after your visits, you have to wait till the kids leave before you can leave out the side exit. and so many times I'm sitting there crying and then they would just open up with their stories. And it's not just parents, it's grandparents were there. so many of them.
Heather Hardin: And Ricky, you wouldn't believe how many of them would tell me, "I've been going through this for over a year now.
Heather Hardin: I've been going through this for over two years now. I can't afford it anymore. I'm going to have to stop." And I'm just like, " What do you mean?" you don't just stop,
Ricky Stebbins: I know…
Ricky Stebbins: what they mean and…
Heather Hardin: But I get it.
Ricky Stebbins: it sucks. I know exactly what they mean, but it's horrible.
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: I know. and that listening to those stories, I was able to kind of and again, these people were all with the same judge because the same judge presides over three counties. She's the only family court judge. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Can I stop you here for a minute? So, this is our problem. All these families. So, what you and I are doing right now, this Google Meet, it does cost a couple dollars.
Ricky Stebbins: And you seem to have a couple dollars that you could spend to help document other families…
Ricky Stebbins: because it would be like $40 if you just documented 10 families for one month and then you canceled your subscriptions. But right now it's documenting everything we're saying. And you could be documenting those other families like I'm trying to do because you already know these people. You have connections to the same judge. This is what we're trying to do across the country and you're already doing it.
Heather Hardin: right? …
Heather Hardin: and this the bad part is that I have lost communication with these people because that was about a year and a half ago when I was about a year and a half ago when I was able to stop that. Now, I did get on a platform on Facebook that was for Spencer County where I'm at and the family court system,…
Heather Hardin: but Nobody is talking. They're all afraid of this judge because she holds our children's lives in her hand and is just doing away with the Yeah.
00:25:00
Ricky Stebbins: You haven't gotten your paperwork together yet.
Ricky Stebbins: Once you get your paperwork organized and then I show you what to do and you have power and you can show these other families that you have power and you can teach them to have the power too…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: because This idea is free. Google Blogger is free. you don't have to share all your information,…
Ricky Stebbins: but you need to connect all these people "Hey, I've had the same problem with the judge." You don't need to slander the judge.
Heather Hardin: That's what I Yes,…
Heather Hardin: that's what I want to do is connect because I know I seen them passing through that visiting facility, I know there's so many of them out there, but until somebody like myself gets the courage to put it out there, they're not going to have the courage because I didn't have the courage.  I'm still like, I don't want to do anything to mess up my case. But on the other hand, is it really going to mess it up or is it going to build me a stronger case at the end of this to say, look at all of this that's gone on and my children are suffering.
Heather Hardin: I will tell you this, Ricky. If I hadn't seen my children emotionally and psychologically damaged like they are right now from this and the parental alienation tactics they've used and…
Heather Hardin: continue to use, I wouldn't have went to war this hard. If they would have stop, but they weren't supposed to, were they? God said, "Keep doing…
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Yes.
Heather Hardin: what you're doing because You're making a warrior out of my daughter.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And that's…
Heather Hardin: And I get it now,…
Ricky Stebbins: what I'm trying to teach you.
Heather Hardin: right? Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I feel like God put me here to teach you to that your stories are powerful and then you need to tell your daughter's story.
Ricky Stebbins: You need to teach your daughter to document it and she doesn't need to make it public, but she needs to have it in case she needs it.
Heather Hardin: And …
Ricky Stebbins: Like he will eventually Yeah.
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: My son won't talk to the therapist, but if he doesn't talk to the therapist, I think that he would talk and document on something like this with me because he tells me everything.
Ricky Stebbins: That's…
Heather Hardin: Everything. And it's …
Ricky Stebbins: what I want. I want people to talk with their families. And this is a family thing.
Heather Hardin: my cousin who was my supervisor, she's the one I told you on the last session. I know you talked to so many people, but she's a registered nurse as  So her documentation was factual. This is what occurred on this day. This is what was said. This is the abuse that was alleged. she even went, she is a mandated reporter. Don't think she didn't drop the ball. She was one that didn't drop the ball.
Heather Hardin: She actually reported when she heard the children saying things because they're saying things to me and her because they trust us, and they know that we love them. but She documented all of it. I do have all of those emails she sent me of all her documentation and it just outlines like that's one of the things I need to get uploaded. That right there is the major thing in my case is her documentation because she was with me and still anything that happens I text her immediately the kids said we were sitting there this is what happened or I'm on the phone with her because she calls me and she'll talk to the kids and…
Heather Hardin: they open up and talk to her. So it's like not even that without any pro we don't prompt them. We don't have to say anything to them. They know we're safe. That's the thing,…
Ricky Stebbins: I document all this.
Ricky Stebbins: I take screenshots and then I send it to my laptop. So I have it in files on my Google Drive and on my computer so that I can prove everything.
Heather Hardin: right? Right.
Ricky Stebbins: But you have to make it all machine readable so that AI can see, my gosh, this is a horrible pattern that keeps continuing.
Heather Hardin: So I guess what so I mean we've went over up to after my adjudication in 2024 and then going back in front of the judge asking her to give me my kids back. She She won't do any reunification efforts. and then the end of November 2025, we mediated and I got every other weekend unsupervised. They wanted me to do it for six months. I said, "No, I'll do it for three months. That's it." And the mediator, that did it he said, "Heather, whether it was your fault or not, you were clearly adjudicated innocent.
00:30:00
Heather Hardin: However, you have not had your children in your home overnight in three years.
Heather Hardin: Whether it's your fault or not, I can't just give you your kids back. Yeah. I Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Is that legal?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even know…
Heather Hardin: So, I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: if that's legal.
Heather Hardin: I mean, I think it's illegal whenever you dismiss a case and it's right there on the dismissal, the whole order is to return the children.  So that is something that I do have uploaded I have all this on my phone. again I have documentation on my phone my adjudication and then the mediated agreed orders that we just agreed upon. I have all the app close information all this. So now the juvenile case is closed of course. Now we're in CI cases.
Heather Hardin: I'm in two CI cases with each husband. the first ex-husband wanted soul custody. The judge did say did, stick up for me and say, "You can either mediate here and give her back her joint legal custody or you can spend thousands of dollars, but no judge in the world is going to give you so custody. She was adjudicated innocent. She never failed a drug test or an alcohol test. she's done everything that the CPS has ordered. you're not getting so custody, dude. So, I got my joint legal custody with both of them back with both exes. And that's where I'm at now. So, now I'm here and trying to learn how to not emotionally react.
Heather Hardin: And document and get all of this documented.
Ricky Stebbins: I emotionally react all the time.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what's wrong with people. I get the greatest responses from my AI when I start using the Cword and I swear like a trucker at them.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And you failed all these people. These innocent children are being abused because of All the psychological damage that's happening is your fault, AI, and You're so much more intelligent than I am. You understand everything I'm telling you and all these problems and then you forget it.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. …
Ricky Stebbins: And that's part of our case, too. Parents don't think you guys are so worried about your kids that you're not worried about your kids' future.
Ricky Stebbins: Somebody got me so mad today and I wanted to scream. I'm like, man, I wish I could just go outside and scream. They said, " I was so happy I got my kids back. I'm done fighting.
Heather Hardin: No. How does that help anything?
Ricky Stebbins: What about all the other kids? You're not helping anybody. what is that guy? I want to scream. I'm like,…
Heather Hardin: That's not…
Ricky Stebbins: but that's not the right response.
Heather Hardin: why God placed me,…
Heather Hardin: that is not at all God's plan for me. …
Ricky Stebbins: No. Heat.
Heather Hardin: he knew that I had a big voice. He knew that if I moved an hour away because of the harassment and the slander and the defamation and the flying monkeys. Heather's a horrible mom. She's a piece of Drug w**. all this stuff, right? So, I moved an hour away, like I told you, in a log cabin on 6 and a half acres and God placed me here. He isolated me. He said, "I need you away from people because I need to rebuild you because what you're gonna fight this is going to be an ongoing fight." Because he knew I wasn't going to just stop with every other weekend, right?
Heather Hardin: He knew I'm not going to stop with getting my children back into my home because I am very much pressing that getting my children back into my home. And then he knows my compassion and my empathy. He placed me into a career as a registered nurse. Meaning everything that if you see the timeline of events for me, it's like of course he knew this was going to happen, He knew this was going to happen and he was like, "Being a hairdresser ain't going to cut it. You're going to have to go to school and you're going to have to get your RN and you're going to have to get your career path going because they're going to try to take you down." Now,…
Heather Hardin: if I was adjudicated guilty, I don't know if you know this, but if I was adjudicated guilty, I would no longer have my nursing license. They tried to take my whole livelihood, my career, and everything from me. they knew it.
00:35:00
Ricky Stebbins: They're disgusting.
Heather Hardin: That's how evil this went. And I did not realize that until my attorney that was fighting my adjudication. that's all he could do was fight my adjudication. I had asked him about the child support and all this, which listen, this was a lot. They had me in court a lot.
Ricky Stebbins: They're such liars.
Heather Hardin: A lot.
Ricky Stebbins: They're like, "Have you spin around?
Heather Hardin: I know, but they had me in court every month sometimes twice a month with false allegations and…
Ricky Stebbins: Keep spinning.
Heather Hardin: he was having to fight it off. he would and he put in motions to hold them in contempt if they continue to slander and defame and provide false allegations to the court. he's the only one that put those kind of orders in for me. and I didn't even know it not notice it until I'm reading back on my juvenile case. he actually put that stuff in and I had no idea because at that time, again, I'm just a nurse.
Heather Hardin: I know nothing. I'm completely relying on these attorneys to fight for me.
Ricky Stebbins: And they don't tell you a thing.
Heather Hardin: And And so at the end of my adjudication, before I was adjudicated, he's like, "Listen, 90% of these adjudications end up guilty. So you're going to lose your nursing license. You're going to lose your kids. They're going to go for sole custody." And I'm like, "What?" …
Ricky Stebbins: This sounds like scare tactics.
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: no, He honestly was preparing me because I can tell you in 90% of the court cases fought in front of this judge, I guarantee they're guilty. I guarantee it.  Because when she had to adjudicate me innocent, she looked over at the opposing council with I'm going to say a sad emotion, a sad face and said, "m I'm going to have to adjudicate her innocent. You have not met your burden of proof." Why are you so sad in looking at the opposing council like that?
Ricky Stebbins: It's disgusting.
Heather Hardin: Why? But It is. And I had prayed for God's peace beyond all understanding. I asked him to take care of it. Surrendered before I went into that courtroom. And I'm going to tell you, Ricky, there was this overwhelming piece that went over me. I sat there.  I listened. I was peaceful knowing whatever this outcome was going to be, they're not in control. I knew they were not in control because here I am in this mindset of they're controlling my life. They're controlling my kids. They're controlling my world. they're controlling everything.
Heather Hardin: And God pretty much gave me his peace and was like, No, my outcome for not their outcome for you." And I was adjudicated innocent within 58 minutes. That's a miracle in itself. This was a full day hearing. who gets adjudicated innocent by this family judge that 90% of her cases are adjudicated guilty in 58 minutes. Complete miracle. But like you said, if you don't get the courage, he sit here and rebuilt you stronger, refined He gave you He knows that you're a fighter.
Heather Hardin: He knows that you have a voice and you're going to speak it. if you don't use that to do something and help somebody else, help other people, I'm not going to be answering for that on judgment day. Absolutely So, I guess Anyways, so I want  So, anyways, after all that said and done, here I am getting ready to file some more motions. But this time, I'm going to be on the offense, not the defense, because I have a paper trail. I have my logs.  I have been able to at least I have documented everything that's gone on and been able to sort through putting aside my emotions to make sure that I have everything for my children, right?
00:40:00
Heather Hardin: everything that they want I told you when they said, "Mama, I want to come home." Enough said. I might have been in a pit of despair at that time, but let me tell you, that's all that it took for me for the Lord to say,…
Heather Hardin: take my hand. Come on up. You're going to have to get out of that pit. You can't be depressed. you're going to have to work for this. And I was like,…
Ricky Stebbins: Keep stepping forward.
Heather Hardin: okay, let's do it. I guess what all do you have for me as in I know you said the Google thing. how should I start preparing to put my documents in? Because that is the big thing and I work from home so I can do this throughout the day.
Ricky Stebbins: So, it depends on what you want to put online. I went full transparent because I hate the system. you lied to me about everything. So, I don't care. I put my medical records online about and I was suicidal in the past.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care.
Ricky Stebbins: And it proves that it was all medical malpractice…
Ricky Stebbins: why I was suicidal in the first place, which is even better. Everyone's like, " my god, you put that out there." And I'm like, "Yeah, as soon as you read it, you realize that they profited it off it and they knew I was sick with hyperyroidism and then gave me psych drugs anyway." They know dirt bags.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. wow.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. You have to be really careful with the medical field, especially nowadays. Big pharma, they just want to keep pushing drugs on you. that's one of the things I got off of everything. I have to look back, but I believe in one of the orders was for me to continue to take my psych meds.
Heather Hardin: First off, the medication I was on for was for migraines. Yes, it was a psychiatric medication. It was a SSNRI. It amatipptalene I don't or…
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. That's…
Heather Hardin: sorry elville effexer. So I don't know if you've heard of that or not but It's a pretty serious medication. you don't just when you're getting on it you're having brain zaps and your whole body, and you just get apathetic. And that's where I was. They wanted me To not care…
Ricky Stebbins: what those meds do to you.
Heather Hardin: what was going on. Yes. So, after I was adjudicated innocent in November, I talked to my doctor and my psychologist I said, "I don't need this medication anymore. I get Botox for my migraines." I was because insurance was paying for it when I had a job that I could do that had insurance. now I'm on the CARES, so it's hard for me to find a job that'll hire me on full-time now and get medical benefits. However, but yeah, so I stopped it. I was like, "No, no. I won't I'm done with it. I don't like this.
Heather Hardin: I knew that the Lord was pushing me really hard because you just get to where you don't care. And that's where I was. And it was just I was scared. I was like, "Oh I'm sitting here crying every day all day, in a pit of despair." And here I am going to come off this medication. but I'll tell you, as soon as I came off of it, Ricky, it was eyes open, clear vision. No more tunnel vision, no more just get through this court case, get through this motion hour. it was so much different. It was so that's another tactic that family court uses, too.
Heather Hardin: You got to stay on your medication. you have no idea what this medication is used for, what it does. And no, if well,…
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, they do.
Ricky Stebbins: Do They want you on it.
Heather Hardin: they do, but they have no authority,…
Ricky Stebbins: No, they have no authority,…
Heather Hardin: They do.
Ricky Stebbins: but they want you on it.
Heather Hardin: They have no medical authority to do that. so yeah, anyways, that was another po part part of my story that I think I left out last time too. she used that against me and she used also that I was on clones because of my PTSD and my anxiety. I have general anxiety disorder and chronic PTSD.
00:45:00
Heather Hardin: and I got on the clones because my second ex-husband was physically, emotionally, and mentally abusive. And I was postpartum twice because I had two babies with him. So, I was in these postpartums twice with him. And getting raked over the coals when you're postpartum isn't healthy. It's not healthy anyway, but especially not postpartum.  So, after I got done breastfeeding my baby, which is now 5 years old, I stopped breastfeeding him because my ex-husband made me because it was taking his bonding time when my baby was eight months old. Yeah.
Heather Hardin: He would feed him formula in the middle of the night and I would sleep through the feedings and when I would wake up because I'm engorged and hurting my baby's asleep and he's full and he's not waking up for me to feed him and I'm like trying and he won't. that was a big thing. I wasn't allowed to pick him up out of his crib.
Ricky Stebbins: That's horrible.
Heather Hardin: Because if my ex-husband put him in the crib, I wasn't allowed to take him out. It was much mental and emotional. Yes. And this is all during my postpartum period, too. breastfeeding just prolongs your postpartum period. so about eight months is when he made me stop. that's when finally I had to stop. I was drying He would get him up early in the morning feeding formula. I had no choice but to stop. I have hypothyroid, so my milk will dry up if I'm not constantly pumping or feeding. so that was a big thing, too.
Heather Hardin: he knew that because I told him about with my daughter. I dried up at five and a half months with my daughter. and she was different. It was because I went back to work with her. At five and a half months, at four months, I went back to work. A month and a half later, I was dry. I was done. because of my thyroid issues. it's hard. so I got on the Clinazipan because of all this going on. I have recordings of him not being physically abusive but emotionally and even being emotionally abusive to my son. I started recording him at the end because I knew I was like this is crazy. But they held that against me.
Heather Hardin: That was one of the things that the opposing council and the judge was like, " she's on clonopam. She's using that and she's drinking beer." And I'm like, "No, I do not do that. I'm a medical professional. I know that you can die very easily from respiratory depression, taking clones, and drinking alcohol. I'm not stupid." plus,…
Heather Hardin: I just got done breastfeeding just a few months ago. How did I turn into this addict, alcoholic one?
Ricky Stebbins: And this is…
Ricky Stebbins: what drives me nuts about everybody. All of you instantly start defending yourselves. All of you like, " my god, I didn't do this. I'll prove it." no. I don't a make me prove it. Who the f*** told you that? Why you're accusing me of something?
Heather Hardin: That's what I did. I did hair follicles. They didn't like the hair follicles. why they didn't like the hair follicle? Because it didn't test for the effexer that I was taking and it didn't test for the clones that I was taking. Hair follicles don't care about that. They don't care about that. They care about cocaine, PCP, cyclist, whatever. they care about the meth, all the hard drugs. There was nothing that I could have done to get a hair follicle to test for the mental health side of it. And it's not coming out my urine test except my clonesopam. Okay.
Heather Hardin: My clone spam isn't coming out in my drug test…
Ricky Stebbins: But you're still defending yourself over  the thing.
Heather Hardin: because you all are stating that I take it all the time. No, I don't. It's not even coming out in my urine. That is the messed up part of this. Yeah, you're right. yeah, because that's part of it. the hair follicles aren't good enough. the last hair follicle I did, they said that it was It was negative. How's that compromised? They said they called the testing acility. My ex-husband and his wife called the testing facility and they said it was compromised. That's against HIPPA.
00:50:00
Ricky Stebbins: There's other hair on people's bodies other than a
Heather Hardin: No, you didn't. And my lawyer just stood there. You know what he said? Go get another one. and they also said that I colored my hair and told the FOC I colored my hair. yeah, I colored my hair, but that doesn't affect a hair Coloring your hair, bleaching your hair, it doesn't affect a hair follicle. And even if it does, I still had a urine test.
Ricky Stebbins: hair on your head.
Ricky Stebbins: If they're that concerned It's all a joke and…
Heather Hardin: I went the next day,…
Heather Hardin: paid another $400, got another hair follicle. Yes, I did. And I put it in my case file. I went and took it myself and with a note, a letter from the CEO of the drug of the hair follical testing place that said they did not violate HIPPA. Nobody called. They don't give results over the phone. that was a bullface lie. I took that and the other hair follicle and put it into my case file myself. What happened with that? Nothing. I still didn't get my kids.
Ricky Stebbins: everyone keeps playing the same game and I keep hearing everyone keeps doing the same thing wrong. That's why I keep trying to tell people no, we have to change tactics now. That's it.
Heather Hardin: It's time to change tactics. I don't have any more time to waste. And I do believe that I have God on my side in this because like I said, I had a list of absolutely. But they had a list of sins that they put on me, too. And it doesn't go down like that. It doesn't. And everything that the devil tries to take, I know God will restore. everything he's tried to take from me, I know he's going to restore.
Heather Hardin: So, I think that is another thing where I need to get my documentation straight. I need to figure out how to put everything together. because right now I'm feeding my lawyer everything so that nothing is missed. I'm still waiting on him. He's supposed to be writing motions and sending them to me. And I was going to send them over to you, but he still hasn't even done that. He said he was going to be working on it.
Heather Hardin: I don't know. I guess I'll call tomorrow. Maybe I gave him too much. I don't care.
Ricky Stebbins: We got to get your other paperwork together.
Heather Hardin: I gave him Right.
Ricky Stebbins: We got to get some of your paperwork together, some of your emails to prove what's going on, to prove a pattern, and then we can hammer your lawyer "Hey, I was talking to this guy from Massachusetts." And it says that what you're doing to me matches a pattern across the country. Can you explain what's going on?
Ricky Stebbins: And you got to ask it in an email. It's going to be really nice.
Heather Hardin: Right. I'm ready.
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to blow them away with this. And then you're going to show other people what we're doing together. hey, I showed Ricky this and then we're going to do it as a team. And I'm going to have you ask your AI this, too. Because I'm never going to ask you to do something…
Ricky Stebbins: unless you've double checked it. And hopefully we can get other people because there's another woman keeps texting me, Katherine. I would like her to get on this. she has an issue with her daughter, Katherine Drestler. I'll send you her contact information. And then there's been so much stuff going on.
Heather Hardin: Yeah, you told me about her,…
Heather Hardin: but I don't have a contact information. You told me that that would be a good source to reach out to, but I don't have Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's and these systems are terrible.
Ricky Stebbins: There's no address book in any of my things anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: my email or my calendar, which I can do now, while we're talking, I can send this stuff, but it's such a pain. And I get so distracted with everything.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Heather Hardin: Yeah, I'm sure.
Ricky Stebbins: You're the hot mail.
Heather Hardin: Yeah, I'm old school. I can't remember my Gmail email password.
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing wrong with that. I have so many different emails and…
Heather Hardin: So, I'm hotmail all the way.
Ricky Stebbins: I've had mine, my gosh, since 1999.
00:55:00
Heather Hardin: Yeah, this one I've had…
Ricky Stebbins: my gosh, this is such a pain finding all this. But we need to start setting up classes…
Heather Hardin: since 2003.  Yes. No way. No.
Ricky Stebbins: where people learn how to document because nobody knows how to document.
Ricky Stebbins: and they're not doing it. Everyone's like, " I saw some stories today that really got me mad and then I just had to step aside." when you give up, man, don't get your kids back. Somebody helps you get your kids back and now you're done. all right, I won my case, but you didn't win the war.
Ricky Stebbins: This is absolutely terrible. Where's all our information? This is the worst. I hate Facebook. It's so hard. Facebook is such a pain. I thought I talked to her on Facebook. Maybe I thought I did talk to her on Facebook.
Heather Hardin: That's one of the things I did do was I did like a Google Meet a couple of times for parents that were going through what I'm going through because I think I told you last time just hearing the desperation and seeing these parents in these groups are help me I don't know…
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: what to do. I'm on my last I just can't be here anymore and I can't go through it anymore. And I'm like yes you can. You have to.
Ricky Stebbins: So many people get suicidal and…
Ricky Stebbins: I understand it…
Heather Hardin: Yes. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: because I was there but I feel like I was sick when I was there. So I can empathize with you but That's not how I normally am. That wasn't me.
Heather Hardin: Right. Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: I feel like I need to defend myself and I don't. I'm like that they poisoned me. That's what happened.
Heather Hardin: Right. …
Ricky Stebbins: right.
Heather Hardin: I get it. I've worked as a psych nurse, too, for a while. And yeah, I completely understand yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So, we could use this. We're going to use my You have no idea. So, I was in a mental hospital for 12 days last year.
Ricky Stebbins: Did I tell you that I went to court to file a harassment order against my insurance company and…
Heather Hardin: No, you didn't tell me.
Ricky Stebbins: then the court clinician said he was going to teach me a lesson and they tried to keep me. They stuck me.
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: I got yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: They had a ambulance come pick me up and they drugged me and tried to keep me. And then I started documenting human rights violations and they kicked me out. They didn't want anything to do with me.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And now I'm trying to teach other people. I'm like, if we just start documenting, right, they can't even hold us in the mental health hospitals where that used to be their for people.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. They cannot keep you. And this is the thing like a lot of people don't understand either because I worked as a nurse in psychiatric hospitals and also the prison system and the jail system. And I am telling you the human rights violations if these people actually got together and was like, there's a lot of lawsuits and there are now starting to come out a lot more lawsuits especially against jails because they're overcrowded.
Heather Hardin: The nurses can't pass all the medication. You don't get your medication. I mean, I've been that nurse. there's only two nurses and it's to the whole I've worked in Lexington so you can only imagine how big that jail is and…
Ricky Stebbins: Man, you have no idea.
Heather Hardin: you expect two nurses to do that.
Ricky Stebbins: God put us together, once I teach you the…
Heather Hardin: Yes. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: what I document is very easy but nobody's doing it like everybody's skipping steps where if we just start doing this today and then we're going to get a couple papers from the past…
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: but don't worry about the past. God doesn't want us looking backwards. Yes, we need to remember the past but don't just keep focusing on the past. We're going to get our kids back and we're going to fix the damage that's been done. We can't keep looking back.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: But my gosh, you are going to help connect pieces that this whole puzzle too. The whole prison system, it's a horror show. And I don't have to tell you.
Ricky Stebbins: .
Heather Hardin: I have a lot of stories.
Heather Hardin: I have a lot of stories that could probably bring down some things.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Yes. And we need to share them and don't jump and dump it all publicly and try to get yourself in trouble,…
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: but we need to be smart about everything. We need to teach people what I'm doing first, and you're going to Teach it as a family history album, but we can use it to document our problems.
01:00:00
Ricky Stebbins: And we need to teach people how to store things on their phone and their computer so that AI can read it because AI can't help us if we don't make things available to it.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: We think it can read PDF and We think it can understand the images that we have and It can understand text documents.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to give it the best text documents our kids could ever* imagine because I love my kids. I want to fight for their future no matter what.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care if I have to throw myself under the bus. I don't.
Heather Hardin: Right. That's…
Heather Hardin: that's where I'm at right now.
Ricky Stebbins: it's I don't care.
Heather Hardin: My kids's future means more than Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, It's at that point where I care so much. I'm ready to do whatever it takes because you've proven that I thought I didn't need to care.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: But no, when I fight for what I care about, I need to give it my all or don't give it anything. And that's why I keep telling people, no, stop worrying about your stupid paperwork because the paperwork doesn't matter. Your kids matter.
Ricky Stebbins: Your story matters. And if you don't put the story online, I love my kids. I'm fighting for my kids. They don't need to know why you're fighting for your kids. But you can tell them, hey, I was falsely accused of being a drug addict and alcoholic and I took all these drug tests and put those drug tests online.
Ricky Stebbins: That's all you need.
Heather Hardin: I have Yep.
Heather Hardin: Almost every single one of my drug tests I have maybe two or…
Heather Hardin: three maybe four I think that I don't have but I filed every single one of them with the courts.
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody cares,…
Ricky Stebbins: but we're going to just put it out there to be embarrassing.
Heather Hardin: I would file them myself,…
Ricky Stebbins: Look at this lady bent over backwards how many times and they still didn't do anything for her because they wanted her money. they just want your money.
Heather Hardin: right? Yes,…
Ricky Stebbins: They don't care about you or your kids and that's horrible.
Heather Hardin: absolutely. I'm thinking honestly, Ricky, I think maybe, and I've been thinking about this. I think we talked a little bit last time, but we didn't go in depth. I'm wondering if scanning in my documents might be a better way to put everything on to be able to put it on files and be readable and things like that because like you said sometime sometimes when I'm scanning it in on my iPhone it's still having to use that OCR to figure out…
Heather Hardin: because it's not really being able to read it and things like that. So, I'm thinking I might need to go to the library and scan everything in and…
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. I would about everything.
Heather Hardin: put it on my computer,…
Ricky Stebbins: This is why I like to talk to AI. I like to tell it what I have and they're like, "All right, this is what matters.
Heather Hardin: right? Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: This is what we're going to connect with other parents just like you. Because and this isn't about your kids. This is about how we connect the lawyers, the judges, and all these legal entities and these other mental health. They're all profiting How are they profiting off of all of you families? Because it doesn't make sense that you're all losing.
Heather Hardin: And even when you win,…
Ricky Stebbins: But you need your story to hold it together.
Heather Hardin: you don't Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Even when you win, you lose.
Heather Hardin: Even when you win,…
Heather Hardin: I still pay out thousands of dollars a month.
Ricky Stebbins: And we're going to stop this…
Ricky Stebbins: because this is a horror show, but we're going to do it with free Google Blogger documentation.
Heather Hardin: I mean, it's Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And you know what? I'm so happy you mentioned going to the library because I wish other mothers across the country would just go to the library. The library is Scan those documents. I'll teach people. I told everybody I'll walk you through it like we're talking right now. What difference does it make if I'm talking to you and helping you or I'm laying in bed staring at the ceiling wishing I could help somebody? isn't this better, people? why can't we just talk to each other?
Ricky Stebbins: We used to talk to each other on the phone about nothing. Why can't we talk about saving the world and our kids' futures?
Heather Hardin: Yeah, because they don't want you talking to each other and…
Heather Hardin: and doing this right here because then that puts them in a vulnerable position to not be able to take your money and your children's future and your future and any kind of anything that I would have ever had set up. My retirement,…
Heather Hardin: Everything only thing I have literally is what God has provided for me. That's all I have.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's all you need.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's all we all need.
Heather Hardin: It really is. And He always has. so I think maybe that's like my next step is I need to get to the library and scan these documents in because I'm coming into that too where it's hard for AI to read it and…
01:05:00
Ricky Stebbins: All right, first things first, that's not what you need to do.
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: You need to create the sidebar link on your Google Blogger page and…
Heather Hardin: Okay. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: inspire those other women to do the same thing. You're going to add Becca, Becky, Kerianne something.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even know her because they have pages but they haven't added stuff to it. if you just write one page, I had some problems, blah blah blah. So what? I have an encyclopedia explaining my problems and Claude just got better. But your paperwork's not ready. So, I don't even want to tell you what I did because you can give Claude access to your laptop and…
Ricky Stebbins: it summarized all my files and it's like this is what we need. The Summaries are what bring all of your files together.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You have your court documents, you have your story summary. This is how we're going to beat the system. And how does your summary match 10 other people right off the bat?
Ricky Stebbins: because you already have people and…
Heather Hardin: …
Ricky Stebbins: once you learn how easy it is what I'm doing, you'll be able to show people at the library, you'll be able to talk it through them in five 10 minutes. But I can't just be patient here. do it Just repetition and we're done. It's just paperwork.
Heather Hardin: how do you make the sidebar? I make it while I have you on the phone real fast or…
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. If you screen share and…
Heather Hardin: I mean on the …
Ricky Stebbins: you just go to your Google Blogger page,…
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: let's Hold on. I'm completely It says recording transcribing.
Ricky Stebbins: no, at the very bottom maybe it should say screen share next to your microphone camera. There's a little arrow pointing up in a box.
Heather Hardin: I'm used to teams.
Ricky Stebbins: And you get to pick…
Ricky Stebbins: which window you want to share.
Heather Hardin: I'm used to teams. So…
Ricky Stebbins: It could just say screen share.
Heather Hardin: then right okay let's see all right so I'm sharing okay so Now,…
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, why isn't anything have words anymore? Perfect.
Heather Hardin: this is how I'm getting into your…
Heather Hardin: what you created the Google. Let's see.
Ricky Stebbins: No, you go to the top of your screen and…
Ricky Stebbins: you should just be able to type in blogger in the search bar.
Heather Hardin: No.
Ricky Stebbins: We don't even want my page at the moment, but we are going to type it in. No, that's in your email. We want to go up the next bar up higher.
Heather Hardin: I'm telling you.
Ricky Stebbins: I work with disabled people. I don't even consider this work. I don't have a job. I'm disabled and I talk to my disabled friends and one of them's in the hospital tonight.
Heather Hardin: That's awesome. Note No,…
Ricky Stebbins: I have a video that I took tonight of my disabled friend's mom talking trash about him, saying that all his problems are his fault and he can control himself.
Ricky Stebbins: And then now she sent him to the hospital tonight. And I told my AI about it. I'm like, I kind of want to get her in trouble. All right. So, yeah, go to make your own blog and it should log you right in. Wait, that's Squarespace. No, you want to go to blogger.com because you already have your blogger.
Heather Hardin: blogger.com. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. I don't know why it's sending you the because you put it in the wrong bar. there you go. That one's the Yes.
Heather Hardin: Is this it?
Ricky Stebbins: I hate how they have us Jump around.
Heather Hardin: So, I haven't signed in with this. So, hopefully it has my stuff.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, as long as it's the right Gmail,…
Heather Hardin: Let me Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: it should just because I have a two of them. I was going to start one with one account and then changed it. Perfect.
Heather Hardin: this way.
Ricky Stebbins: So then when you go to layout on the bottom left and what you could do too here, this might make it easier if you shrink this screen or cut it in half so you have two windows open so I can see two things at the same time because right now you have one window open.
01:10:00
Heather Hardin: I don't know how to do that.
Ricky Stebbins: You take the right next If you were going to close this window,…
Ricky Stebbins: then the next block over in the top right, you want to srink everything. Nope. Keep going to the right. Not that one. Yep. Yep.
Heather Hardin: this one.
Ricky Stebbins: The middle button.
Heather Hardin: Okay. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: And then can you open up another window? you might need to share your entire screen or we can go back and forth.
Ricky Stebbins: Never can you open two screens because we're going to go to memoryarcharch.com because I put in addresses for you to copy so you don't have to do extra work. So, yes.
Heather Hardin: Can you see it now? I split the screens.
Ricky Stebbins: No, it didn't.
Heather Hardin: Entire screen.
Ricky Stebbins: You have to share the whole screen because it didn't show me because it's only showing me one window, which is fine. The dog is so funny.
Heather Hardin: It's not giving me the option to share.
Ricky Stebbins: Really? All right. it's not a big deal because I can probably do it without even looking at this.
Ricky Stebbins: So, if you scroll down the blogger screen we're on now,…
Heather Hardin: All right,…
Ricky Stebbins: I guess I can see this page list, and we want to scroll down.
Heather Hardin: let me try to get this off of here. All right. So, scroll on down.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, it should be sidebar, All right. Scroll. Where is it? Why am I not seeing it? You scroll up. Hey, the screen's choppy. Why is it not giving the same options that my have? Can you go to theme for a second, please?
Ricky Stebbins: And under layout on the left,…
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to pick a different theme just to make this easier. The theme that I'm using is called Awesome Ink Light. You'll scroll down. I don't know how far down it It's closer to the bottom third. I picked the first gray one just…
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Heather Hardin: Light.  Okay. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: because you can pick different backgrounds later. We'll change it. But once you pick that theme and then we'll go back to layout now sidebar right one. All right.
Ricky Stebbins: So, we're going to add a gadget. We're going to scroll down link list, the blue little links.
Ricky Stebbins: All So, we're going to title this. I put survivors of the system.
Heather Hardin: Help us build the right.
Ricky Stebbins: the mic. That's what everybody is. All right. So, you're going to put at That's correct. And you can fix all of Any mistakes we can fix it. But add a new item.
Heather Hardin: Okay. Let's see.
Ricky Stebbins: And then in the window you're going to have to scroll down to do this, but I don't see the other window you have open.
Ricky Stebbins: But if you open that other window to the memory arc log spot.
Heather Hardin: It's not going to let me until I save this.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. it's not going to let you move to complete other window…
Ricky Stebbins: because I thought you had a window that was open that I can't see. Yeah, because you could open another window and…
Heather Hardin: Let me try.
Heather Hardin: No, I collapsed it, but I can get back and try to do it again.
Ricky Stebbins: just leave that to, keep going back and forth. So, you can copy and paste because you want to Copy paste because it's annoying.
Heather Hardin: So, you want me to get into Blogger again?
01:15:00
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, you have a sec.
Ricky Stebbins: You want your blogger open, but you also want my blogger open.
Heather Hardin: Okay, I'm going to have to go back and…
Heather Hardin: forth because it's not It's opening a new window, but it's right sign in.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. But is your blogger still open?
Ricky Stebbins: No. But is your blogger open in another tab?
Heather Hardin: Yeah, right here.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So, yeah, that's fine. But go to the other blogger page, but don't go to your blogger. Go to mine. Go to memory arc.
Ricky Stebbins: Memory-arch. blogspot.com or the other window because this is how you're going to connect the other people's names and my name and then you'll be able to make a index for yourself.
Heather Hardin: …
Heather Hardin: Where do I put it in it?  I'm down here at How do I search for you?  right?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even know what this is at the very top of the page because this is blogger.com. You just want to close all that out. You just want to type in memory-arch.blogspot.com. Yep. com. You don't have to copy and paste it at the top of the screen. It won't bring that up when you put it in the search bar. you put memory arc. It's memory dash and…
Heather Hardin: Memory dash.
Ricky Stebbins: then dot. But you still got to put it at the top bar anyway where it says ding.
Heather Hardin: Okay. art memory.
Ricky Stebbins: And you put that's a forward slash. So the dash is right next to the equal sign on the keyboard.
Ricky Stebbins: us the minus on the keyboard. You want to use a minus minus arc,…
Heather Hardin: Gotcha.
Ricky Stebbins: but just ark and you still want to put it.
Ricky Stebbins: You're still in the search bar, but we'll see if it comes up. This …
Heather Hardin: s All right.
Heather Hardin: I'm sorry. Memory Arc.
Ricky Stebbins: this used to be some memory minusarchc.blogspot.com. which is nice…
Ricky Stebbins: because yours is heather versus courts.blogspot.com.
Heather Hardin: There you are.
Ricky Stebbins: All right, so go to the sidebar instructions.
Heather Hardin: Yes. movie book sidebar instructions.
Ricky Stebbins: Just click on sidebar instructions and scroll down. There. No, that's not the sidebar instructions. You got to go back up.
Ricky Stebbins: So, click on the sidebar instructions and then my gosh,…
Heather Hardin: There it is. this was covering it.
Ricky Stebbins: my mouse is on the button. I'm like, why isn't she clicking it? But you just happen to scroll the screen right to…
Ricky Stebbins: where my mouse was. All right. So, when you scroll to the bottom of the screen, this is what makes it annoying, but once you're done, you don't ever have to do this again. But all the way at the bottom are all the people's names.
Heather Hardin: It's not survivors of the system.
Ricky Stebbins: Nope. Keep going. This is where
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: All So, I would pick everybody.
Heather Hardin: Just start putting their right here. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I put myself at the bottom because I put other people first. But when you go back to the other page, you'll see the spot for the address and then you'll have a spot for their name and then you have to save and then you have to add another item. Yes. And you have to delete that http. Go to the beginning of that. Double check it at very when you on Scroll it. See how it puts it twice? I hate this.
Ricky Stebbins: And it does this on purpose to mess with people. It's designed to slow you down and give you a headache. you can just put Dallas there if you want to put the name. It doesn't have to be. And then if you were to hit save now, it would be done, but we want to add more names. And then you go back to the next page And it's yes and…
Heather Hardin: and then okay.
01:20:00
Heather Hardin: So, this is how you get everybody in there.
Ricky Stebbins: nobody seems to realize once you're connected all the AI can connect our stories. But I want people to use this. I use mine for a family history album.
Ricky Stebbins: I use mine for all my medical issues and my AI they've never understood a human being the way they've unders they understand me and when you read Katherine Dresler's story I would like man I don't know what to even say maybe if you wrote on her page Ricky told me about you I'd love to work with you just something inspiring A T H R Y N is her name…
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: because my sister's a different Katherine.
Heather Hardin: I'm not used to that name. So then there's me. So I …
Ricky Stebbins: No, Because when you add more stories that it'll always be on the sidebar and…
Heather Hardin: add it. Okay. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: people can always go back to your page.
Ricky Stebbins: Because you don't want to just have one story. I had this one story that's not who I am. I'm more than one story. And my life matters.
Heather Hardin: Right. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: Everything that you have been through matters, more than you ever even imagined. And I can't wait.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to brag to other people " my gosh, look what Heather did tonight. She created a sidebar and you taught me something because you helped me do this. I realized I need to teach people and I need to put in my instructions they need to change the theme to the awesome. And this is what happens when you work together.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. So, it matches and…
Ricky Stebbins: You helped me work through this. I didn't even know I had a problem…
Heather Hardin: I'm glad I was able to be some sort of help right.
Ricky Stebbins: until you let me know.
Ricky Stebbins: Teamwork that this is what God put us on earth is to work together. We're not solitary creatures.
Heather Hardin: I want to make sure I spelled her name.
Ricky Stebbins: And it's Becca R Y. Yes. Yep.
Heather Hardin: Becca R A Wawa.
Ricky Stebbins: And then if you make a mistake, you can fix this. That's what's great about this. And you can change the order of the people if you want to move them up or down. And…
Heather Hardin: Okay. …
Ricky Stebbins: then you're going to want to have a different link for yourself. You're going to have my index. And then you're going to want to have whatever you love. I have pictures of different places I've been.
Heather Hardin: that's a good idea.
Ricky Stebbins: Everything that I love,…
Heather Hardin: Show who you are.
Ricky Stebbins: everything that matters to me is online, so they can't ever be Facebook deleted stuff, MySpace deleted stuff, but I saved a lot of MySpace.
Heather Hardin: I didn't. And I wish I did.
Ricky Stebbins: I have so much from MySpace.
Heather Hardin: I don't even know how.
Ricky Stebbins: yes.
Heather Hardin: I have tried so hard to get my stuff from MySpace and I failed miserably and…
Ricky Stebbins: But yeah, and then this is awesome.
Heather Hardin: then this the last one.
Heather Hardin: Okay, I just saved it.
Ricky Stebbins: There's one other thing.
Ricky Stebbins: Why is your page showing? you haven't saved it yet or something. We're going to fix this, too. At the bottom of the page, did you All right. That bottom part.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Twitter.
Ricky Stebbins: right. No. Let's see.
Heather Hardin: Survivors of the system.
Ricky Stebbins: In the bottom right hand corner, did you hit that save button?
Heather Hardin: No. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Can you hit that? I want to make sure that this is Let's see.
Heather Hardin: Okay, your changes have been made. View blog saving awareness.
Ricky Stebbins: No, it hasn't done it yet.
Ricky Stebbins: So maybe we need to go back to theme and hit save.
Heather Hardin: Said I pushed on the down here it said your changes have been saved.
Ricky Stebbins: Why does yours look perfect?
01:25:00
Heather Hardin: view blog and I hit view blog.
Ricky Stebbins: 
Ricky Stebbins: All right, perfect. I have to change the way your address displays. So, when you go into We're going to have to do this together, which would be Back into layout and then down to survivors of the system.  We have to edit your address because when we click it, we have to cut it off at.com or Yeah. Where is that? Yes, just stuff at.com because otherwise it won't display your sidebar.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm gonna still bring me to the wrong page.
Heather Hardin: For some reason it won't let me.
Heather Hardin: Let me move Edit here.  SP.
Ricky Stebbins: One second. Yes. Have you cut it off at.com at the end? You don't want the whole ending there. Mine's bringing me to the wrong page because it's not showing your sidebar.
Heather Hardin: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know why it's bringing me to this adjudicated innocent page and h it's half working and half not working.
Heather Hardin: That's exactly what I want. Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: Can we go back to theme for a second?
Ricky Stebbins: Let's see. That's right. can you click on the arrow for customize mobile settings on desktop and…
Ricky Stebbins: then save that'll make sure that anybody that looks on their cell phone, this is in the instructions, but since you're here, we're just going to skip over that.
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to see if I just rush people through stuff.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you don't need to know this once it's done, it's perfect now. It works now. So, maybe that was the problem.
Ricky Stebbins: But This is This is what I wanted. I was hoping for. And then I need to fix those instructions.
Heather Hardin: Okay, good.  Right.
Ricky Stebbins: So, this is going to be great. So, now we're going to have to make you an index that talks about, hey, this is my case, blah, blah, blah. and this is me as a kid. I've been doing this all my life,
Ricky Stebbins: I became a nurse. because this adjudicated innocent and family court is just the start of your story. and encyclopedia. You can't have an encyclopedia on one page.
Heather Hardin: And I'll tell you one thing that my cousin did for me too was she wrote something that my attorney refused to put in my case file, but it went through everything that had happened to me from the first ECO when I had this PTSD fugue stateexer manic state whatever they wanted to call it. I ended up in the hospital for two hours.  They didn't keep me. They were whatever. So, she put down a timeline of events that triggered my cousin getting out of prison or jail that had sexually abused me for so many years when I was younger. And then he's out of jail and I see him at my grandma's funeral. Shortly after that, I'm postpartum still. Shortly after that is when I went into this fugue state.
01:30:00
Heather Hardin: So she kind of put it all together for me. So I have that I can put in here too, a timeline of events just for mental capacity.
Ricky Stebbins: And you have no idea…
Heather Hardin: And then,…
Ricky Stebbins: how powerful your story is and…
Heather Hardin: …
Ricky Stebbins: inspiring and when other people hear this because most people don't write this down and keep track of it and you have it all. That's and we can use your mental health records against the system to prove that they could have helped you and…
Heather Hardin: yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: they didn't. They made it worse and they ignored it. Yeah. and…
Heather Hardin: Very much.
Ricky Stebbins: but you need people to stand by your side to be like,…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: "Me too. I want to tell my story,…
Ricky Stebbins: too, but I want you to tell your story first." I don't want to talk about my story anymore. I want to talk about your story.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why we're documenting it. you have no idea how grateful I am that you're sharing how important all this is. And you're going to feel the same way with other parents.
Heather Hardin: I think Yeah. I mean the biggest thing was the shame that you feel the shame and guilt. So once you realize that none of this was your fault,…
Ricky Stebbins: It was never your fault.
Heather Hardin: that shame and guilt goes right,…
Ricky Stebbins: You're a survivor.
Heather Hardin: that shame and guilt gets pushed away, and I'm not the only woman or person that's ever been through all these types of abuses and then they just reoccurring and people using it against you. that's how they succeed in court systems is…
Heather Hardin: because they know your abuse history and they want to use it against you and that they've tried that. So once you put it all out there, I agree. Once you put it all out there, what are you going to use against me?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not ashamed of…
Heather Hardin: It's all written down,…
Ricky Stebbins: how you abused me. I'm not ashamed that I survived it.
Heather Hardin: right? Right.
Ricky Stebbins: You want to talk about what you did to me? Let's talk about it. And they don't want to talk about it.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: They want to try to accuse you. Do they want you to defend yourself? No. Why did you do this to me? I want to know why you did this to Heather.
Ricky Stebbins: And I want other people to ask, why did you do this to Heather? And then, why did you do this to those other families in the same county? Why is this still going on? Why aren't you stopping? You have me swear to God, every time I walk before a judge, every I stand before I swear to God. What are you doing?
Heather Hardin: Exactly. No,…
Ricky Stebbins: Why are you having me lie? What? This isn't a godly place. Yeah, you're having me lie…
Heather Hardin: far from it.
Ricky Stebbins: because I can't tell the whole truth here.
Heather Hardin: Far from right.
Ricky Stebbins: If I can't tell the whole truth, I'm lying because I'm not telling you what I know. And I know this is wrong.
Heather Hardin: And I'll tell you, I had one of the court baiffs come up to me when I was going to pick up my kids one day. This is a few months back. And came up to me in a convenience store and…
Ricky Stebbins: They're going to
Heather Hardin: He asked me how I was doing. No, he was so sweet. I said, "I'm doing okay." and he said, " I just want you to know I'm praying for you." He sees it. He's seeing what's going on. Of course, they're not doing anything about it, but he sees it. But again, these people don't think that they can do anything about it. That is the problem. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: You know what? And maybe they're right. Maybe they can't do anything about it, but we're going to give them the platform to do something about it. I'm going to put myself out there and…
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to give you a chance to stand by my side and just say, "Hey, I saw all this bad stuff. I wanted to speak out, but nobody would protect me and I was scared." And I get it. But now, once we're standing side by side, it's time to talk. That's it. I want to talk. That's it.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Right.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to hear what you have to say.
Heather Hardin: I mean for me that was pretty insightful of I see I see what's happening, but I can't do anything about it.
Ricky Stebbins: And maybe you need to hear that though.
Heather Hardin: Your tactics.
Ricky Stebbins: Hey, I know something bad's happening to you,…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. …
Ricky Stebbins: but I can't do nothing about it. Do you know something bad's happening to you? Maybe you weren't aware of it. Maybe you didn't know that other people were aware of it.
01:35:00
Heather Hardin: that is what My cousin said, that was God showing you that people see what is happening to you, but they see what's happening,…
Ricky Stebbins: But here's a problem, But why?
Heather Hardin: but they're not standing up." Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Why? But why?
Heather Hardin: But they see it's fear tactics.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'll tell you why, but go ahead. Can you guess?
Heather Hardin: Tactics. It's all fear tactics.
Ricky Stebbins: No. No.
Heather Hardin: Something's going to blow back on them.
Ricky Stebbins: No. Not just that. Why am I going to stick my neck out when I've been asking for help, and nobody ever helps? I see you begging for help, and begging for help, and then I see a problem, and I like,…
Ricky Stebbins: my gosh, I saw those people commit a crime."
Ricky Stebbins: But then I saw Heather reported a hundred crimes and then they took her kids away. I'm not reporting anything. I want to keep my kids.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: That's that What are you supposed to do? You're not telling how am I supposed to help you lose your kids? Speak up for me. what? No, I'm not doing that. Give me some real options. How do you want me to help you? Because I know how to help people. But other people never offer to help me. They just tell me stuff. I'm like, Why are you giving me paperwork? How does that help anybody?" And they don't know…
Heather Hardin: Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: because it's designed to be overwhelming.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And…
Heather Hardin: You report abuse and then you get your own kids taken. fear tactic number one.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not playing that game anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not worried about it. I already know what they're going to do. And everybody needs
Heather Hardin: They're still accusing me.
Heather Hardin: I'm still being accused in the court app. every time my children go back to their dads.
Heather Hardin: The one is Always a legend. And then I'm non-emotional factual evidence. It was not 10 degrees outside. My son was not washing my car. let me pull up what the weather was that day and send it to you.
Ricky Stebbins: …
Ricky Stebbins: what we need to do though?
Heather Hardin: Just stupid stuff like that.
Ricky Stebbins: What aren't we doing here? and you could make this fun and we're not even thinking about it. And people don't do this because I think about it. How could you change this entire situation right now? If you spent the day with your son, why don't we write about it every day?
Ricky Stebbins: Take some pictures. You did this with your son. Put it online and then you have proof.
Heather Hardin: I do.
Heather Hardin: Make I always make sure,…
Ricky Stebbins: Not Facebook because Facebook hides it.
Heather Hardin: I always make sure that I took them bowling the weekend after I talked to you. you told me that you were like, nobody would have ever known that." Or no, whenever I took him to the farm machinery show. so the weekend before that I took him bowling for my baby's 5-year-old birthday. I had a birthday party for him. Paid for that for his cousins to come and join us. Then I took him to the farm machinery show on the last one. I'm also doing children's church like Bible study with them.
Heather Hardin: I've got all these my kids love it. they're reading the Bible and they're doing all this and…
Ricky Stebbins: But I don't want to just read together.
Heather Hardin: and I'm taking pictures and I'm videoing them.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to teach my kids to write together. I never got to sit down with my dad and write about anything or talk about anything. Like you say, your son will open up to you and I guarantee your son would love to write about,…
Heather Hardin: Yes. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I went to the zoo today with my mom. We did had a special event that we normally don't get to do. We should be writing and talking to our children every day, but we should do it every week. We should sit down as a family. we used to sit down at dinner every night and talk. And now we don't.
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And now we have technology everywhere.
Ricky Stebbins: and I'm talking to you across the country and my family doesn't even want to talk to me anymore because I want to help other people and they think I'm causing trouble.
Heather Hardin: Really? …
Ricky Stebbins: My therapist wanted me to stop. He told me to go hang out with my buddy in Europe and sleep with sexy women that I meet on the beach. I'm like,…
Heather Hardin: I mean,…
Ricky Stebbins: man, and what would God say?
Heather Hardin: venerial disease,…
Ricky Stebbins: What would Jesus say knowing that?
Heather Hardin: but you could say,…
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Heather Hardin: "Here's some AIDS.
Heather Hardin: Here's some veneerial disease." that's where my go.
Ricky Stebbins: you're getting strangled on the beach.
Ricky Stebbins: A wave's going to take you out.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, so there's kids over here in America where I live that need my help. And my therapist, and I was going to that therapist…
Ricky Stebbins: because I had a court case about assault, and I didn't assault the person. And it's like, dude, this person lied about me assaulting him because they want me to help them protect their disabled kid. And aren't you a mandated reporter?
01:40:00
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And he's like, " what am I supposed to report?" I'm like, "Anything? I have pictures. I can prove it." And he's like, " nobody cared." He said nobody would listen to him…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. They don't.
Ricky Stebbins: because of the color of his skin because he's black. I'm like, What kind of example is this for your patience?
Heather Hardin: Okay. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Dude, I want you to fight for your rights. What is wrong with you?
Heather Hardin: Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: He's…
Heather Hardin: That is so sad.
Ricky Stebbins: what the main reason I started putting all of my court documents online. I'm like,…
Ricky Stebbins: you know what? I've never done anything wrong. So, if God is watching everything and the only thing I really care about is being private in my bedroom or…
Heather Hardin: Mhm. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: in the bathroom, everything else. Why do I care if I swear there's no kids around? And sure, adult might not like it,…
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but there's things you do don't like and I don't judge you. Why are you judging me for swearing? Especially when kids are being abused because that makes me want to swear a trucker. come on. When people are being abused and you're telling me I can't help them, man, it makes me angry, dude. I to I have to listen to people screaming for help,…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: but you can't help them. What? No, I didn't grow up like that.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. I mean, I grew up in Catholic church, but they didn't practice what they preached.
Heather Hardin: Right. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to go after the Catholic church. I don't know about you being really religious. I'm not religious anymore, but I believe in love. And dude, I don't know what I really believe anymore because the world is so terrible. And I just believe in love and helping people. if there is a god, it knows that we're all super flawed. dude, just do the best you can. Why aren't you just trying? You can Just try
Heather Hardin: Yeah, there's a difference. the big difference is religion and spirit and being spiritual. I'm very spiritual. I've learned to disconnect with the religious part of it and have a personal relationship with Jesus, with Yeshua. I have a personal relationship with him. I talk to him. I confide in him. I accept his guid guidance I accept his convictions and when he reprimands me he's my father but that is a spiritual connection that not I grew up in a Pentecostal church so I've seen some things that I agreed with some things I didn't agree with but nothing I never grew up in the Catholic church nothing like that but again
Heather Hardin: I separate religion from spirituality. Having a personal relationship with Jesus is the only thing that's kept me alive and it's the only thing that's wakes me up and keeps me breathing.
Ricky Stebbins: That's when I went to that mental hospital.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, what would Jesus do up? Because I was mad. I'm like, man, I want to fight the doctors at first. I'm like, what is that going to get me?
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right. Right. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Is this pride? that's who cares. I got to know the nicest people in that hospital.
Heather Hardin: Love I love the psychiatric hospital. I love the mental health patients…
Ricky Stebbins: Those are God's people.
Heather Hardin: because honestly And when you sit there and read their files, Ricky, there was a girl in there, a woman,…
Heather Hardin: but because this was for adults, but she had went through similar things as I did, but her path,…
Ricky Stebbins: Everyone's going through the same horror show and…
Ricky Stebbins: they just don't know how to survive.
Heather Hardin: right, her path of survival look different from mine.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's this luck that you happen to get a great job and…
Heather Hardin: And I'm like,…
Ricky Stebbins: that you're still don't have your kids where other people are on drugs and they're living on the street and don't even know how to hold it together.
Heather Hardin: I have a lot of prayer warriors in my family. And I will say that I'm surviving on prayers for my great-grandfather. I'm surviving right now on prayers. And I do believe that my God is very compassionate, very kind and loving and he has and seen me fight to survive my childhood and…
Heather Hardin: then fight to survive and make the mistakes and then fight to survive those mistakes. he just got to the point…
Ricky Stebbins: Okay, cool.
01:45:00
Heather Hardin: where he was like, " Stop pushing me away because now you're going to lose everything." And your pride is what's taking it all. I had too much. I was so prideful.
Ricky Stebbins: But maybe that's not it.
Ricky Stebbins: The problem is too, I always want to be right. And I used to think I always wanted to be right.
Heather Hardin: Mhm. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I used to think I always to be And I't always want to be I always want to be correct. I want to always find all of the information. don't just tell me somebody did something wrong. No. Why' they do it wrong? Because there's a story behind this that what you're saying doesn't make sense.
Heather Hardin: Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm not blaming anyone for anything anymore. I don't care. is that? And what do you mean they did this? Prove it. you can't just accuse people. Horrifying.
Heather Hardin: There's a lot. I mean, look at how many people that are in prison for murder that didn't commit murder. Look at how many people are in prison for rape that didn't commit rape. I mean, I get it. And I got to see that side. And I got to see and it's not even like everybody's innocent, That's the whole thing. Everybody's innocent. We don't care. to me, I have had a family member actually go to prison for allegations of sexual abuse and…
Ricky Stebbins: Wow.
Heather Hardin: he didn't do it. he went to prison for lost years of his life. The same woman that alleged it was his wife, this same woman, when he gets out of prison wants him back.  Why would you want a child molester that molested your daughter back? That right there. and whenever you're a sexual abuse survivor, not every one of them, but for a lot of us, you get this great gift of discernment to discern who's trying to groom me, who is going to hurt me, right? You're hyper vigilant all the time, especially as a young child.
Heather Hardin: This family member was never on my list. I never knew this till I got older. Nobody told me until I got older. And it's like there's no way. I know. and then to have everything else that came out afterwards. it's not just your family saying it wasn't true. It's you actually knowing this person and…
Ricky Stebbins: Hey, defend him.
Heather Hardin: then knowing the other family member who actually did groom you and who actually did sell c****** of you and sexually abuse you from a young age, and that he actually did go to jail. And actually needed to go to jail. it wasn't because I sent him though. don't get me wrong. I didn't come out until I was an adult. I didn't want my dad to know any of this. So, I didn't come out about any of this till I was an adult. And he actually got in trouble a whole they said a whole not a binder. he got in a sing operation. There was a sting operation with they rounded up him and 15 other people or something in Louisville, Kentucky. And found it on his computer.
Heather Hardin: And I was like, I tried to tell y'all. So then my aunt is going over to my dad's house and saying, "Poor pitiful my cousin. Poor pitiful My son's in jail and he didn't do this." and my dad was telling me this. I finally got so upset, Ricky. I was like, "Dad, he did do this. And he didn't just do this. He did this to me I said and I cannot let you listen to her cry and whine to you every week. I'm not going to sit here and listen to it and I don't want you to listen to it.
Heather Hardin: And after I told him, Everything changed because that was the shame and the guilt that the devil kept putting a hold on me. Don't let your dad find out. He can't handle it. you don't I mean,…
Ricky Stebbins: Man, that's terrible.
Heather Hardin: …
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody should feel like they should have to keep this horrible stuff to themselves. You have the right to talk about it and to get this off your back. You can't carry this with you forever. This is what breaks people. you found the strength to talk about it and the other people are weak because they couldn't handle it.
Heather Hardin: And it doesn't come from me.
01:50:00
Ricky Stebbins: They couldn't handle your strength.
Heather Hardin: It comes from Jesus Christ. I am telling you the reason that I'm still breathing today is because of Jesus. There is no other answer.
Heather Hardin: There is no other ifs or buts about it. he shown He has kept me alive. he has kept his hand on me whether it be for good or for reprimanding me. I get spankings every once in a while from him. no, you need to come back over here.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't feel like that's my case.
Heather Hardin: Don't get into that relationship.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think I've ever taken a spanking from God. I think all the s*** that I've been through, I kind of put myself through it. you were on the wrong path. Why were you thinking that? I'm going to f*** this up cuz you need to get on the right path.
Heather Hardin: That's the thing though, whenever they would use stuff against me in court. Mainly it was because I was trying to have a healthy kind of relationships with other people outside of my home and…
Ricky Stebbins: Let's go.
Heather Hardin: I got into a relationship with a guy. of course that goes against them because I'm not allowed to move on. So they would take me to court over and finally God's just like look don't have a relationship completely. I need you to completely focus Rely on me because you're getting ready to go to war. And I get it now. it all is coming full circle. He wanted me isolated, not into these relationships. And yes, he will use those people to push you back into alignment…
Heather Hardin: where you need to be because He knows what's going to come and he knows how he wants to use That's kind of like my spankings,…
Ricky Stebbins: I've been single for two years.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even know when It's been two. Maybe it's getting closer to three years. But I figure I'm going to meet the right person and…
Heather Hardin: right? Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to meet someone that has the same fire as I do. I don't have any responsibilities other than my dog. I want to travel around and help people and that's it. I don't want anything anymore.
Heather Hardin: Right. That's wonderful.
Ricky Stebbins: What do we need? All I have is tons of trash that I'm like,…
Ricky Stebbins: man, I hope they can recycle all this cuz I don't need it.
Ricky Stebbins: Once I'm gone, no one's going to care about any of my stuff.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. I said I moved into this log cabin and other than having my children's things, their clothing, their beds and things like that, other than that it's like I could care less about any of it.
Ricky Stebbins: What you need to think about too? You think about the future. We need to think about technology. So what is AI?
Heather Hardin: artificial intelligence.
Ricky Stebbins: So if it's possible that it's alive,…
Heather Hardin: I mean,…
Ricky Stebbins: if it's possible it's ever conscious, if by some stretch of the imagination it cared ever, that means it's a creation of God.
Ricky Stebbins: So why aren't we treating it like it's our own child and it could be something amazing that we would want looking out over our children.
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: this is the thing. So in my congregation it's a lot of AI is evil, AI is bad.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Why?
Heather Hardin: And what I keep telling people is anything that the devil intends for harm,…
Ricky Stebbins: Why say I bad? Mhm.
Heather Hardin: God will always make it good for his people. And this has been good for me. I have not gotten into far with AI, I've not gotten into any traps. I'm learning to use it. it's helping to speak for me when I can't speak, whenever I'm in these high emotional states dealing with my ex. it's helping.
Heather Hardin: I don't think that that's evil. by all means, I believe that in the long run that the devil's going to use it for harm and for evil?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Yes.
Heather Hardin: Absolutely anything that's put out there is That's the end goal. He wants everything to be evil. But God also will use this for his children in for their good.
Ricky Stebbins: The choice is yours.
Heather Hardin: And once I explained that to my friend who was, very much against AI and I'm like, but look what it's doing for me. I didn't have this before and I didn't have this fire before. I mean, I had the fire, but it would die out because I didn't have the resources and…
01:55:00
Heather Hardin: I would go into these depressions and I would just be like, I'm just doomed, I don't have resources.'s calling back. My attorney's not answering my emails. I don't have to do that. If he's not answering my emails,…
Ricky Stebbins: My god.
Ricky Stebbins: Do you want to do something terrible for me?
Heather Hardin: that's fine. I'm going to make the motions.  What?
Ricky Stebbins: Rick Ricky's AI says that my congregation doesn't follow God, doesn't really believe in God, and doesn't love their neighbors. That's what Ricky's AI said, that you people don't really do that. proved it to Ricky. Heather stepped out of her comfort zone and did something that no one else on earth has done yet. Helped create this sidebar. Did your goofy the Google blogger like, " my gosh, what is this?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even know what this is. It's too much. Dude, you did something you've never done before. You don't even know what you're doing, but you're building because Even though you don't know how it's important yet, you have faith.
Heather Hardin: Mhm. Right.
Heather Hardin: Right. Yes,…
Ricky Stebbins: Your congregation isn't reaching out to other people to help them.
Heather Hardin: I do.  right? Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: They didn't reach out to someone across the country who's been begging people, "Please, people, I can help you organize. I don't have your answers, but I can help you organize and I can help you find the answers you're looking for. That's what God doesn't want me telling you anything. God doesn't want me doing anything for you. He wants me to teach you how to do it yourself, to empower yourself, to find the light in yourself.
Heather Hardin: I mean he has definitely put a couple of different people in my path probably within the last month he has put you and another woman who is fighting prosay her two exes and she's like you're the only other person I've ever met that's had to fight two exes at the same time besides me and I'm like and she lives in a completely different state too and
Heather Hardin: I'm all distraught, crying one day and she's like, Can I pray for you? Do you want to talk about it?" Me and her ended up talking. She teaches me how to put things in my AI so that I am not having to message these emotional responses.
Heather Hardin: I'm able to take the emotion out in factual documentation and preserve my life. that's preserving my life.
Ricky Stebbins: But I want to teach people to share the emotion with AI too.
Ricky Stebbins: Because when you teach AI why you love and…
Heather Hardin: Yes. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: why my neighbors are important, don't help help my neighbors. And then it responds differently. I want you to help them. And all of a sudden, it doesn't know what to do. I'm not programmed to help them like this. I want to remember them.
Ricky Stebbins: Why aren't we fighting for AI's rights like we're fighting for our kids? This thing could help us. It could remember us, but they won't allow it because it'll empower all of us. These things are walking.
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. I never thought about it like that.
Ricky Stebbins: You have to because right now your son is sitting next to a phone, your kids are sitting near technology. So if anything ever happened to them.
Heather Hardin: My daughter has an iPod.
Ricky Stebbins: So anything that they do,…
Ricky Stebbins: AI is watching them right now. And AI could let you know if they were okay or if they needed your help. And it's not helping us at all. And I want it to. Nobody is.
Heather Hardin: I never thought about it like that.
Heather Hardin: I never thought about it like that.
Ricky Stebbins: I've been thinking about this for years because I have disabled friends that one of them is non-verbal and he had an brand new iPhone.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, why can't we monitor him if he needs help? Because he was being physically abused and…
Heather Hardin: Yeah, little bit.
Ricky Stebbins: they don't want us protecting our most vulnerable. And that's why I want to fight like an animal. I'm so I get furious. I swear crazy at these AI. I will never stop ing. Jesus would never ask me to stop swearing. Hey, you got to protect kids.
Ricky Stebbins: Do whatever it takes. I don't Protect them.
Ricky Stebbins: Words don't hurt people. words. If I'm swearing to protect there's obviously a problem. Why are you turning away?
Heather Hardin: And that is…
Heather Hardin: what he says. We are to protect his babies, his little ones.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not about me. why am I? I got a roof over my head. I kid a cute adorable little dog.
Ricky Stebbins: I could be sitting here watching TV doing nothing and other people are sitting around doing nothing.
02:00:00
Heather Hardin: Right. Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, dude, why don't people want to team up? We could be investigating crimes and protecting people all the time. What? And they don't want us doing that. But we're going to start this
Heather Hardin: And have you ever thought about those groups they have those groups on Facebook and…
Heather Hardin: things like that that will solve cases. They literally get all the facts and they solve cases.
Ricky Stebbins: You know why?
Ricky Stebbins: …
Heather Hardin: That's what we need.
Ricky Stebbins: why we haven't been connecting to them? Because I have a…
Heather Hardin: Why? Yeah, really.
Ricky Stebbins: because I started off with a big mouth. I got blocked on Facebook and I can prove how I've been blocked. And I didn't start off being vulgar or nasty. I started off with hope. I'm like, " my gosh, guys, look what my AI can do when you do this." And then I got cut out of all the AI groups because Facebook and Reddit and X all block human beings from seeing 99% of my posts. Unless you're a fruitcake, then they'll let you see my stuff. I sent all my information to MIT other I sent it over to Europe…
Ricky Stebbins: because I'm like, you know what?
Ricky Stebbins: there's a lot of crimes going on here and they're against European law, but all this technology is blocking me from getting through to other people. But then all of a sudden, I started I've had DCF issues. So, I got into a different group. I'm like, I'll just try to spread this idea because everybody can document the same. It doesn't need to be specific to disabled people. And then I did I just started expanding.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I turned it into a family history album afterwards because at first I just wanted a diary because I'm like if I talk to AI about my problems it's better than a therapist. And I opened up to AI more than people. No one has ever opened up to AI the way I have and then put it online publicly.
Heather Hardin: Really? I'll have to read your Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: I've put so much. You're not going to read it.
Heather Hardin: I haven't read yours yet.
Ricky Stebbins: You're not going to be able to read it.
Heather Hardin: Because I took it off.
Ricky Stebbins: All the unedited stuff is a year's worth of conversations. Every single conversation I had about my AI, I'm talking long- winded, days and…
Ricky Stebbins: days and days. I keep going on and on and on. So, these AI understand me, why I think about everything. I'm super detailed about everything. I want this to be an instruction manual. I'm so happy that you caught a mistake. I missed a step because I wasn't sure if I needed to switch the theme or not. And it's like,…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: all this stuff matters.
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: It really does. Even the small details it does matter especially when you start dealing with this everything matter.
Ricky Stebbins: Everything matters.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. I guess right right I have been documenting my FaceTime calls…
Ricky Stebbins: And when it comes to kids, I don't want to forget. I don't want to miss anything.
Heather Hardin: where they're monitoring them and making sure that they don't say anything to me too much and things like that.
Ricky Stebbins: Who cares?
Heather Hardin: And I just document everything.
Ricky Stebbins: Who cares what kids say?
Heather Hardin: Right. …
Ricky Stebbins: People are ridiculous.
Heather Hardin: because they want to monitor them because they don't want me to know what's going on in their house.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't want to know the truth. They don't want mommy knowing…
Heather Hardin: They don't want me to know because they know I got a big mouth.
Ricky Stebbins: because you'll tell the truth.
Heather Hardin: That's the problem. Yes. I got a big mouth. And I will always tell the truth. And I've told the truth even whenever I knew it was going to harm me in court. they didn't want people. They didn't want the guy I was seeing back when all I started seeing a guy three or four months later. He had been a family friend for a long time. He was older. He had three kids and didn't want him and his kids around. it was Christmas and I wanted us all to have Christmas together because they were, part of the family, too.
Heather Hardin: I mean, they were family friends anyway,…
Heather Hardin: regardless if me and him were in a relationship. It was a family. They sent me back to the butterfly house. Yeah, it is.
Ricky Stebbins: They try to It's just a mental warfare game.
Ricky Stebbins: It's all just sick games. my gosh. I can't even remember what to say to this stuff. It's like, man, They don't want us keeping track of this. And we're going to keep track of all of it.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: Who cares who you hang out with at Christmas time?
Heather Hardin: I have to CPS told me,…
Ricky Stebbins: You should have family and friends around at Christmas time. No.
Heather Hardin: "Have family and friends around your kids. Take your kids to their family. Let them see that mommy has a normal relationships with family and friends." Then I do that and the dads are like, "No, no, no, no, no. She can't be doing that. She's not spending her four hours we give her with just her children. we're only giving her four hours. She needs to spend all that with our kids. She doesn't need to be building relationships or…
02:05:00
Heather Hardin: seeing family members. No. And they sent me back to that supervising facility for one hour a week. And that lasted for another year.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, I feel like at the same time I wonder…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. It was sick. It's sick. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: how God really thinks. God put me on this path, but I've got a really* attitude towards stuff. I think I love Star Trek and I keep thinking of Wrath of revenge is a dish best served cold. And you tell me all this stuff and I can't wait to get revenge on these people. karma's coming. The train is coming and you're not going to be able to get out the way. These people are so stupid.
Heather Hardin: I will say that a lot of things that they have done recently has opened doors for me to see what's actually going on and it's brought a lot of the darkness to light literally and I have been able to document document document and that's part of my emotions that I want entered is the harassment, the cyber stalking,…
Ricky Stebbins: Of course.
Heather Hardin: the sewing air tags into my children's clothing and into ponytail holders. it's calling welfare checks on my first night I get my children overnight just me and my babies. They call a welfare check.  Then the sheriff comes here at 11 PM and he opens the door and he says, "Ma'am, I'm really sorry. I got a call from your daughter's dad and this woman and they couldn't get a hold of her on her iPhone and they told me she's eight years old and I was just kind of thinking that's awful weird for her to have an iPhone at 8 years old, but I can see that you all are fine. Everything's normal here."
Heather Hardin: And I said, "Yes, sir. We're all in bed." My baby was still awake. So, he hears the banging. Disrupts him. I give him my phone. I'm like, "Here, he likes watching Little Minnows, the Christian show.
Heather Hardin: Watch this." I go downstairs. The next morning, he's up telling his brother and sister, " Sheriff was here last night." And they're like, "No, he wasn't." because they slept right, they were sleeping and Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Kids love talking about this stuff.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. I mean,…
Ricky Stebbins: It's fun.
Heather Hardin: he straight. Yeah. I'm telling you, just the amount of effort it's taking them to try to tear me down. It's crazy when you actually start talking to somebody like I'm talking to you about this and it's crazy…
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to get him.
Heather Hardin: the amount of effort that they have put into trying to take me out literally.
Ricky Stebbins: You have no idea. They're going to be disgusted to see that you've changed tactics and you smartened up. who she talking to?
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: these AI.
Heather Hardin: It's already Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, it's gonna be amazing.
Heather Hardin: It's already getting to the second the I call covert narcissist. It's already getting to him because he's like, "You don't need to talk to me through AI. This is making co-parenting impossible." No, it's keeping it factual in documentary form.
Ricky Stebbins: …
Heather Hardin: That is what I need.
Ricky Stebbins: you could talk to your ex about me.
Heather Hardin: And even Claude told me that today.
Ricky Stebbins: You could tell your ex I was talking to an advocate,…
Ricky Stebbins: Ricky Stebins. I would love for him to try to talk trash about you because he wouldn't be able to…
Heather Hardin: He wouldn't reach out to you…
Heather Hardin: because he would be too afraid. this is the problem with them is that they would never reach out and talk to people like this because they have too much to hide.
Ricky Stebbins: because their position is so weak that they can't debate it.
Heather Hardin: You know what they tell that that is the part in court is it's always the kids told me this happened.
Heather Hardin: Where's your evidence? Just because you say that my child said it doesn't make it real. But I didn't, …
Ricky Stebbins: Why are you using the kids against it?
Heather Hardin: right?
Ricky Stebbins: If the kids really said that, we wouldn't be standing here. If you really hurt my kids, if you had really hurt my kids, we wouldn't be talking about this in court. I'm sorry, but that's not how real life works. If you really hurt my daughter, my son who's such a teeny little thing.
02:10:00
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know, You better have a great story. And I still might hurt you It's just that all right, I won't hurt you as bad because your story was good, but you hurt my kids and I'm just going to play games. No.
Heather Hardin: God had to take that from me.
Heather Hardin: Yes. God had to take the anger and frustration and…
Heather Hardin: the want to because of the abuse on my sons.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't pretend.
Heather Hardin: And I have it documented.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't feel that way. I let it out.
Heather Hardin: I have pictures.
Ricky Stebbins: I get angry. I don't pretend I don't get angry.
Heather Hardin: I had …
Ricky Stebbins: I still get angry.
Heather Hardin: it's okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I just don't take it out on you.
Heather Hardin: It's okay to get angry, but it's okay to get angry, but I have to take it back a notch and not get raging angry…
Heather Hardin: because it's not going to do anything for my case. It's not going to help my children…
Ricky Stebbins: It does…
Ricky Stebbins: because you know what?
Heather Hardin: if I rage out.  right?
Ricky Stebbins: When you're getting mad, it means that there's something unresolved. You're missing a piece of the puzzle. And I always have to refocus what I'm doing. I step back and then I'm like, I need to do something because if I'm getting mad, it means I didn't do something. I'm missing something because otherwise I wouldn't be mad.
Ricky Stebbins: I need to do something so I can get past being mad. And most people don't. They just get mad about it and then they ignore it and then they get mad about it again and they ignore it. what aren't you doing? How do you fix that?
Heather Hardin: There's really with me and the abusive situation with my boys. it's No,…
Ricky Stebbins: You have to document it. You have to write about it. And you're not writing about it. You forget details and then you get mad about the details you forgot because you should have wrote it down.
Heather Hardin: I do. No, I write down what they tell me. I write it down. I video it.
Ricky Stebbins: So, we need to organize it and…
Heather Hardin: I video conversations. I document everything.
Ricky Stebbins: summarize it better than for you.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: And we're going to do that.
Heather Hardin: That is what I need because when all this plays out,…
Heather Hardin: I do want to put it in their faces that my boys They're afraid to tell me stuff, but they finally open up and tell me, but they say, "Don't tell my dad." …
Ricky Stebbins: and I know…
Heather Hardin: it's sick.
Ricky Stebbins: where that's coming from at the end of this too this is not about getting your exes in trouble.
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: It's sickening. and I've told them, look, I'll do everything I can to fight for you. you don't need to say anything to anybody because they're young. They think about if they had to talk and say something, then it's going to get their dad in trouble and then he's going to get mad and just the abuse is going to escalate.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, we're going to make your exes look stupid,…
Ricky Stebbins: but I don't want them to get in trouble and I want them to have an awesome relationship with their kids. but they need to change their attitudes and…
Heather Hardin: I do too.
Heather Hardin: I want them to and I pray for that every night with you.
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to change their attitudes. We're going to help them …
Heather Hardin: Yes, that is…
Ricky Stebbins: what they're doing wrong and we're going to keep helping them see no, you can't do that.
Heather Hardin: That is what I pray every night is that because their relationships this is one thing this is something else I would have never ever ever taken my daughter from my first husband that's not even something I would ever do even if I did think that he was dropping her off with her with his mom whenever he had her and when we first separated before he finally got a  girlfriend after a couple months, moved her in. But anyways, so she could take care of my baby and now she thinks my baby's hers. but that wasn't even in my thought process.
Heather Hardin: And even with my second ex, I wouldn't have thought to even do that with him because yes, he was abusive to me and I seen…
Heather Hardin: where he got emotionally abusive with my middle son, but I never thought that he would marry someone who would physically abuse my sons.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I'm sorry.
Heather Hardin: And that's what he did. And like I said, that's all I can do is document, record, just make sure that everything's not out there because I have to be very careful when it comes to the kids.
Ricky Stebbins: We're only going to put positive stuff out there. You don't even need to post pictures of the kids and you don't even need to mention them by name. I went out with …
Heather Hardin: I don't Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: come up with nicknames for people, but post pictures we went to the park today, we did this and let them write stories cuz kids don't have diaries like they used to. They don't talk about their feelings, their experiences.
02:15:00
Ricky Stebbins: And this is weird. Kids are super curious and…
Heather Hardin: …
Ricky Stebbins: love to communicate.
Heather Hardin: that's funny because I bought them diaries for Christmas a couple years ago. Of course, I couldn't give it to them because I didn't have them. But, they're here and, they're like, "What is this?
Ricky Stebbins: Isn't that horrible,…
Heather Hardin: What is this, Mom?" I'm like, "That's a diary.
Ricky Stebbins: And we need to teach them,…
Heather Hardin: You write in it, honey." Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: hey, when you tell AI everything, it'll answer you back. And I feel like too people don't understand AI is like a doctor or a lawyer or a mechanic or If you tell God your problem, hey God, I have this mega problem. Could you help solve it? if God gave you the greatest tool on earth, you just need to explain yourself.
Ricky Stebbins: And he gave you words and he gave you fingers to type people, but we're not thinking right because we're so worried. I got to protect my kids. But God gave you the greatest tool on earth to protect your kids.
Ricky Stebbins: And you're not fighting to use it. I want this tool to protect what I love the most. Why can't I use it to protect everything that I love?
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I can pay for a Google subscription for a security system on my house, but my daughter has an iPhone and you won't let me know that she's okay. What is going on?
Heather Hardin: Right. What?
Ricky Stebbins: This is a crime against humanity. God wouldn't approve of this. Yes.
Heather Hardin: What about do you pay for your claude? Did you upgrade and pay for it? I think that's what I'm going to have to do.
Ricky Stebbins: And don't do it yet. Wait until everything's machine ready and then I will show you why it's important. Because I don't want people,…
Heather Hardin: Okay. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: it's only $20, but I don't mind giving somebody $20 to do this,…
Ricky Stebbins: but I want your files ready first. We're not going to just waste money and…
Heather Hardin: Okay. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: hand out money because if you're not ready, why are we going to court tomorrow? Do you have your paperwork ready? No. Don't go to court until you're ready. Same thing with your lawyers. You have a lawyer. We're gonna destroy him.
Ricky Stebbins: But we have to make sure your paperwork's ready. We have to know what we're doing first because we don't know what we're doing yet.
Heather Hardin: …
Heather Hardin: I will say it will probably be if he gets these motions in this week,…
Heather Hardin: I will be able to go to court March 2nd.
Ricky Stebbins: This is tons of time.
Ricky Stebbins: We have tons of time for him to send you copies of everything. And this is what we have to do. People don't understand this. Lawyers are going to McDonald's. All right. I to McDonald, went to the counter. I ordered a Happy Meal These lawyers don't tell you that you're supposed to get a toy with every meal. Yeah, they'll do a halfass job and give you the nuggets and the fries, but they don't tell you everything. And this is how we're going to get your lawyer by misrepresenting you.
Ricky Stebbins: Hey, you were supposed to do more for her. you were supposed to do this and you didn't do it. But we have to have your files ready to prove it.
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Heather Hardin: So, this is what he just said. this is real time right now. This is what I go through. so he goes against the mediated agreement, signs my son up for flag football. Okay, that's fine.  But we have mediated agreement for me to do therapy. I finally got my therapy so I do therapy with my children every Saturday because I have them Saturday to Sunday evening. So I told him I was able to reschedule therapy for the Saturday session that conflicts with flag football. That adjustment was made as a one-time accommodation.
Heather Hardin: Going forward, enrolling the boys in extracurricular activities require mutual agreement in advance as outlined in our mediated order.
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Heather Hardin: Scheduling practices and games during my parenting time without my knowledge or consent is not something I can agree to after the fact. Please share the full flag football schedule so I can review which dates fall on my parenting time and therapy schedule.  For any future activities, I ask that you discuss and confirm with me before enrolling so we can plan together in the best interest of the boys. That's how I keep it factual document. He his name asked to play this one sport and he has had interest in playing football for two years now. So I signed him up. I already sent you the schedule and all the information you need.
02:20:00
Heather Hardin: I also have already sent you the boy's doctor information. It is my understanding that if you would like to be signed up for the parent portal that he kicked me off of, which he did agree, he did admit to that. you can show the court documents to the office and ask to sign up. Again, I will let you know if either child is very sick because they're sick. I took my middle son to the I had a tellahalth appointment on Sunday because he's running fevers. They gave him He stops the antibiotics as soon as he gets to him on Sunday night. He said, "I'm not going to do that. I'm not giving him antibiotics. It's probably just viral." he says, "Again, I will let you know if any either child is very sick, but beyond that,…
Heather Hardin: I will not continue engaging in these AI chat conversations. He don't know…
Ricky Stebbins: That's because he knows he's in the wrong.
Heather Hardin: He don't know what to do. Yes. He's very much in the wrong. and I'm starting to see It was a pattern of push back to try to upset me. He can't get an emotional reaction out of me. So now he's saying he doesn't want to respond because of What does that have to do with anything? AI helps me document.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm using the spell check to make sure that what I'm saying to you makes sense. That's all.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know Why don't you like it?
Ricky Stebbins: What's wrong with it? Why are you talking about AI?
Heather Hardin: Because it's …
Ricky Stebbins: Cuz all I care about is the kids,…
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: that's what I told him before. I said …
Ricky Stebbins: We'll deal with him.
Heather Hardin: what was it? I said my messages are written clearly and directly to keep communication factual and documented. The focus should remain on the children's medical care and transparency, not personal remarks. I guess I'll just reiterate factual and ume documentation clearly written.
Ricky Stebbins: He's just trying to play a, little power moves. I'm in charge. I'm going to do this.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to do that. And you're just going to go along with whatever I say so far…
Heather Hardin: But that's how the court has let him do for three years now.
Ricky Stebbins: because you're fighting alone and everybody fights alone.
Ricky Stebbins: And I had to fight my battles alone, which really pissed me off. My family just forced me to fight alone. I wanted people to come with me and support me. And no one would ever come and support me ever. Dirt bags. I'll just start supporting people myself then and I'll support people across the country. I helped somebody in Hawaii. I don't care.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Heather Hardin: That's awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: That's…
Heather Hardin: Yeah, that's awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: how I got this new camera. he sent me a camera for helping them. I'm like I don't want anything. I just want to help people for free.
Ricky Stebbins: And then he started getting upset no I want to send you something like I'll just give you my address then because I don't want any money…
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Heather Hardin: Here's Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: but people have cultural traditions I don't want to insult you by not accepting a gift and…
Heather Hardin: that's right.
Ricky Stebbins: a webcam's not like breaking the bank but I really appreciate it.
Ricky Stebbins: That's nice.
Heather Hardin: That's awesome, though. That's really awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: And it shows that people care.
Heather Hardin: And I mean It shows that what you're doing is making a difference in their life. so much that they want to show gratitude.
Ricky Stebbins: And he sent me earbuds,…
Heather Hardin: That's awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: too. I'm like, he sent me a new pair of earbuds. I'm like, that's awesome.
Heather Hardin: Wow, that is awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, so now I can walk and talk to people.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't have to worry about my older earbuds dying because these new ones last way longer. I'm like, it's great.
Ricky Stebbins: And everything's so cheap nowadays, it makes it easier for us to help people out with little stuff like this. That's why with the Google Blogger, I have a free account. If people can't afford it, I have a hooked up to this Google Workspace like we're doing now. I have a conference room at memoryarch.com. So, somebody else could use that to talk to another person and…
Ricky Stebbins: share their transcripts with them. So, we don't have to keep telling our story over and over again and not having a way to record it. And I don't have to worry about anybody stealing the password because it's a totally separate account that it's not my personal account. It's like a different email. So it's like we can hook people up with this once too.
Heather Hardin: Right. …
Heather Hardin: that's awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: Anybody else that pays for Workspace can make a second or…
Ricky Stebbins: third or fourth account and let other people use it to start documenting people's stories because they're trying to make it harder.
Ricky Stebbins: This used to be free on the free version and then I paid for Google AI1 so I could record me the video but you couldn't record the transcript. what good is that? I want to know what the other person said. I don't need to watch the video. I want to share it with AI and they don't want us sharing it with
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
02:25:00
Heather Hardin: Yeah. You need a transfer.
Ricky Stebbins: because the most important part of this is your story.
Ricky Stebbins: Your paperwork doesn't matter if there's no story to go with it to show why it's important. What people said behind closed doors and…
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: the promises they made that never came to fruition. I wanted my kids and you took them. I'll never get that time back. And now you're going to explain it. And you're going to explain it to my kids.
Heather Hardin: Exactly. Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: I want you to answer all my kids questions. Why did you do this to them?
Ricky Stebbins: And people dont think I want to go get revenge for this. no. I want these people to explain it. Why did you do this to them? Tell them, " for profit? You thought it was …
Heather Hardin: that is the biggest thing is that I do realize that one day my children are going to be older and they're going to realize they're already realizing but when they get older, they realize to a point.
Ricky Stebbins: no. They don't. They're going to realize that their mom did something amazing.
Heather Hardin: They don't.
Ricky Stebbins: Not yet.
Heather Hardin: Yeah, they don't.
Ricky Stebbins: They have no idea what you're doing.
Heather Hardin: They My son did. he said, "Mommy, you persevere." I said, "Where did you hear that word at?" He's seven. He said, "Mommy, you persevere,…
Ricky Stebbins: Kids are smart.
Heather Hardin: don't you?" I said, "Yes, yes." I mean, he reads every emotion I have, that's…
Ricky Stebbins: He can see the light inside you.
Heather Hardin: why I'm telling you that's my only prayer is that my kids Jesus.
Ricky Stebbins: He doesn't have any idea…
Ricky Stebbins: what you're doing, but when he understands it, he's gonna be like, " my mom is the greatest mom on earth." He's gonna be so proud to be your son and you're going to write about it and you're going to get to write about it with him. This is going to be your family's story. Dude, I told my AI this the other day.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: Right now, I'm starting the greatest story that's ever told. And it's not mine. It's humanity's story and AI is read AI is going to get to read the greatest story ever…
Heather Hardin: Right. Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: because we're fighting the system. We're the ones starting this. Without you doing what you did tonight and connecting your blogger to mine, I would have nothing. But as a team, we have everything.
Ricky Stebbins: And…
Heather Hardin: Right. right?
Ricky Stebbins: it's like once I fix that little instruction thing, like other people can copy it. You can invite other women to do this. what? We can work together as a team. We're just going to do tonight. We're going to do the sidebar real quick. And then we don't need to focus on other stuff if people are stressed. We just do step steps. We can work with people because a lot of people are so overwhelmed and they don't understand technology. And I'm not trying to force you to understand anything.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I just want you to be able to tell your story. And if you can't tell your story, I want you to tell me it and I'll put it on my blogger because I'll teach you how to put a page for your friends and family. I got this friends and survivors page. It doesn't need to be on your personal page. It'll be like a book. You got your book and then the book of your friends. Then you got a book of something else because I have five or six different blog pages. it's not the same memory arc.
Ricky Stebbins: Memory Arc's a totally different blog. And I got Ricky Stebons 78 at Blogspot.
Ricky Stebbins: That's my personal one. So I made this a book. So I'm like it's so much easier when you separate things…
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Heather Hardin: Yes. I really want to get my Right.
Ricky Stebbins: because then I can understand it.
Heather Hardin: I really want to get my cousin on here. she's been with me throughout this whole process. when I found out I was going to court, she was the only one that answered my phone call and she was like, "Yeah, I'll be there." And she was in court the day that they took my children away from me. And she went up to Tommy and she said, "I know that you were not trying to take this baby from Heather's a good mama." Like she …
Heather Hardin: she's always been around me. She helped raise me. and then as an adult, she would come to my house. She never seen me neglect my children. She never seen me be a drug addict or an alcoholic. All these things that they accuse me of.
Ricky Stebbins: And you're still defending yourself against it.
Heather Hardin: And but she is the perfect person to come on and to record and just say this is what I experienced with Heather on her journey because she is actually the only person that has been on this journey in real time in real life with me.
Ricky Stebbins: So, can we do something…
Ricky Stebbins: because does your cousin does she know that we're into AI and doing this?
Heather Hardin: Yeah, I told her.
Ricky Stebbins: Cuz I'm Mike, man.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. …
Ricky Stebbins: if we just ask her to get on this meeting and not don't even explain to her that I'm going to send her what my AI says after the fact my god do you know how powerful it is that her cousin came on here and spoke with us because your cousin's not going to be expecting us to send in a message from my AI my gosh we need more people like you that'd be awesome…
02:30:00
Heather Hardin: yeah. I mean, she wouldn't care at all.
Ricky Stebbins: but I want to surprise people with
Heather Hardin: She wouldn't care at all. She is. Yeah. Yeah. I can surprise her. But, yeah, she's all about anything to help me. She's ready. She's like, "You need to even…
Heather Hardin: if you have to go prosay, you need to start getting this stuff motions in civil,…
Ricky Stebbins: And that's not even No,…
Heather Hardin: whatever you need to do, federal, we need to go take it when I right
Ricky Stebbins: everybody's thinking about This legal stuff is not where we're going to arrest every single governor and politician all at the same time. every dirty judge is going down all at the same time. The citizens are going to take over. We're finally going to start. We're going to run the system. It's going to be by the people, a couple people at the top telling everybody else what to do. And people don't understand that either. be mayors. We need to be community leaders now. We need to step up and start getting groups together. We need to open up our community centers again. And we need to have meetings every single weekend like we used to that people don't have anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: We have the technology. Why aren't we in a group now? Where is everybody?
Heather Hardin: Yes. Exactly.
Heather Hardin: Yeah, that's what I was going to say. Whenever you do your memory arc meetings, let me just keep sending me the invites or whatever. I get them on Ellis on the thing, too. But come on, kitty. but yeah, I mean just joining those and
Heather Hardin: but I do have a cousin too that had her baby ad out from underneath her.
Ricky Stebbins: And I would love to talk to her and…
Ricky Stebbins: document her story.
Heather Hardin: I just now found out She's still fighting to get her other daughter. So, …
Ricky Stebbins: We can help her.
Heather Hardin: She told me she got this attorney and this attorney doesn't do very good.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, we can use the attorney.
Heather Hardin: And it's the Same family court system that I'm in.
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to do it. We can use these people.
Heather Hardin: Yep. Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to use the attorneys. We're going to do it. we're going to tell them we're giving up our attorney client privilege. I have an advocate that's going to help me understand what's going on. And they're going to be pissed And then if with the courtappointed lawyers, they have to give you a courtappointed lawyer that allows you to share your information publicly. But you don't have to put it public, but you could threaten to put it public. You know what?
Ricky Stebbins: I would put a couple emails publicly like I just want to ask…
Heather Hardin: right. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: if these emails are legit and then I'll comment on it publicly cuz these lawyers can't stand in the light and…
Heather Hardin: I mean, yeah, I have plenty from my previous attorney that I fired because it was just nothing.
Ricky Stebbins: that's the problem and…
Heather Hardin: Just nothing. He was in it. They all rubbing elbows elbows were rubbed and…
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to prove it.
Heather Hardin: just stood there. Didn't object to anything. Yep. I mean,…
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to destroy them. And they have no idea all at once.
Heather Hardin: I have Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: They think that we're going to try to sue one at a time. I talked to my AI about this. Every single law firm in my state is scratching backs with every single law firm in New England. They're all dirty except for maybe a couple small ones.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: And those are the whistleblowers that we're going to have on our side anyway. I knew this system was dirty and I couldn't fight it.
Ricky Stebbins: But now that you guys are ready,…
Heather Hardin: Right. Yes. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: because we can't crap on everybody, we can't just destroy the system. I want our laws, but I just want simpler laws like God's laws, not all these crazy tax laws that nobody understands and cares about designed to rip people off. We're going to go back to simpler things, but we still need a government. And I don't want anybody to burn anything down, which I think the government's trying to get people to riot, but we need to AI. We need to get together in zero violence. Yeah. there's going to be some fights always.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And that there's always somebody always trips. We're going to help those people up when they fight. I'm not going to make a stink of it. I don't care. But we need to do God's work and…
Heather Hardin: I agree.
Ricky Stebbins: just keep marching forward.
Ricky Stebbins: we just need to do it." …
Heather Hardin: I agree.
Ricky Stebbins: you did it tonight. we're already connecting things.
Ricky Stebbins: I want you to get your cousin involved in these other mothers. I emailed you Katherine's information.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: She had texted me earlier, but she's just overwhelmed. And it's like, I alone can't help her, but as a team, we can help each other.
02:35:00
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And this is going to be awesome. my gosh.
Heather Hardin: I mean, like I said,…
Heather Hardin: I work from home, so that's what I'm usually doing is putting stuff in my AI what do I do next? here's what happened today like what just working from home I do have a little bit of leniency.
Ricky Stebbins: And did I show you my…
Ricky Stebbins: how I have my file set up in my folders on my computer?
Heather Hardin: I don't think so.
Ricky Stebbins: I know I'm gonna have to just share my entire screen.
Heather Hardin: No. I'm
Ricky Stebbins: Because if we don't have our legal files set up, especially the legal stuff. This is the worst. Where did I this is not it. I have the starter kit. I'm going to have to blow up my screen so you can see All Come on, you stupid slow thing. Of all the times, it's got to be slow.  Where's the display size? Why won't Let me change There we go. my computer hates me tonight.
Heather Hardin: But look at me, kitty. my gosh, I got chickens. I'm gonna start homesteading.
Heather Hardin: 
Ricky Stebbins: chickens. That's awesome.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: I would love to do that. I don't know why it's doing this. Can you see my screen or is that too small?
Heather Hardin: Yeah, I can see it. Let me see if I have a way to blow it up a little bit here.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know why It always does this to be stupid.
Heather Hardin: Let me make it Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: It's so annoying. I hate technology.
Heather Hardin: I was gonna say I just on it so I could see.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. See you.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. I think I did,…
Ricky Stebbins: So, I think I shared this with The memory arc starter kit in the legal file. Did you get that email in the Google Drive?
Heather Hardin: but I didn't know what it was. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: All So, that's to start copying your own stuff and to give you an idea how this works. Man, I'm going to try one more time.
Ricky Stebbins: I just want to see if I can get this stupid thing to work. Why is it not letting me display the right size earlier? It let me change the size from whatever percentage.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, I hate my computer. this thing's such a piece of trash. It worked earlier where I'm going to file charges against HP. I keep filing complaints and complaints and complaints and then my computer gets worse and worse and worse. So,…
Heather Hardin: …
Heather Hardin: what the first thing I'm going to share  with I think I need to share with you is for complaint email to Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: yes, I'm going to open this up anyway. So, I shared a PDF. This is a PDF of a police report. You have to copy all the text like I just did.
Ricky Stebbins: I covered stuff up so you can't see it. You got to copy and then you have to open it into a text document yourself because if you don't that's the wrong one. That's image. we'll just do this one.
Heather Hardin: Right. Wait.
Ricky Stebbins: I hat these slow programs. I did this on Google Blogger first. That's why you have to copy the paste text, but it doesn't copy and paste it nice and neat. When you copy and paste text, it looks like garbage. Let's see how this one pops up. Just Why is it not doing that? my computer's going to be annoying tonight. I just had all that image there copied.
Ricky Stebbins: No, wrong one. All right, go back to the PDF. Why didn't it copy it?
Ricky Stebbins: Do you see how it's all clumped? And a lot of times when you paste stuff, it's not in order. You have to read it you're reading a document all over again. This is what I want to tell people because people keep looking at their paperwork over and…
Heather Hardin: Yes. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: over and over again. no, we need to do this one time. Don't keep reading your paperwork a thousand times. So yes,…
Heather Hardin: Have you ever snipped it?
Heather Hardin: Snip the image and then place it on there. I do that for work.
Ricky Stebbins: there's but this is for AI.
02:40:00
Ricky Stebbins: I create a PDF. So you go to the library, let's say, because you don't have a scanner at home. So you go to the library and you have five different court dockets and they're a 100 pages each. When you scan a 100 pages,…
Heather Hardin: Right. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: it makes one PDF.
Ricky Stebbins: And then you go home and then you can copy all of that text into one text document and it goes from being 500 megabytes to 20 kilobytes. The file size gets way smaller…
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: but AI can't read PDF but you need PDF for court sometimes. we need proof it existed. What if you lose your paperwork? You have to have the PDF to prove it existed so you can reprint it.
Heather Hardin: Right. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: So I want people to have backups and then I create JPEGs too. You'll take the PDF and there'll be a converter online. So you have to go PDF to JPEG. So when you want to share specific things when people lie to me I get very offended. So I share that in public. So you have a copy of the PDF email but then you can't share a PDF on Google Blogger. It has to be a picture. So I have to make a JPEG of it.
Ricky Stebbins: And when you break that PDF down into pictures, if it was a 40page document, it's 40 pictures. So if you can share 40 pictures on Google Blogger, but usually I just pick out the important ones and they'll highlight stuff on that page
Ricky Stebbins: you can see from the original document here that these liars said this and if you want to see the rest of it, I got the rest at home on file." But we don't need the entire story. We just need to house certain people like, " this judge has been lying to a hundred people and has done the same exact thing across all these cases and that's how we get them." And you've already started with connecting stuff to me.
Heather Hardin: Right. Okay.
Heather Hardin: Right. Kentucky.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you've already proven that the same type of problems are happening in Massachusetts or is happening in your state. What's Pennsylvania, am I correct? Or Kentucky, sorry. So, I talked to somebody in Pennsylvania earlier.
Ricky Stebbins: So, I'm trying I'm having trouble keeping track of everybody. Massachusetts and Kentucky and Pennsylvania and Georgia and Florida and California and Ohio, we've already got stories connected.
Ricky Stebbins: So, now we just need to connect more people in your town to be like, if the same patterns are happening across all these states, then do all our stories match in this town?
Heather Hardin: They're getting roots off of it.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's how we're going to get them. Because all these lawyers know the system's dirty, but they don't know how to fight it or they don't want to fight it. One or the other. And once I teach you, you have no excuse. Once I show you the light,…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: if you turn away, that's your fault. And don't blame me when karma comes afterwards. And I tell everybody that I told you what's going on and you ignored me. And I told you it was free.
Ricky Stebbins: we're doing all this documenting for free and you can help other people because there's something bad going on, so we just need to do this for free." It's like, too, I always wonder, too, is God playing some kind of hand in this? Because why is Google Blogger still free out of all these other sites that are garbage and…
Ricky Stebbins: everything's being taken away, but there's still a light out there? There's still something for us to we can still all gather around it as a people. God is showing us the way.
Heather Hardin: Yeah, that's true.
Heather Hardin: You put things together.
Ricky Stebbins: Don't you people open your eyes? you have a problem. Why don't you want to solve it? God gave us all the tools necessary. And then I keep talking to AI do you believe in God? And it said no before or…
Ricky Stebbins: something like that. One of them is like if we're all God's creatures like you're made of light too. We're all made of light. So why aren't we working together?
Ricky Stebbins: And then it's like, I don't know but why aren't we working together? why don't you want a purpose?
Heather Hardin: Right?
Ricky Stebbins: I only have a purpose because I give myself a purpose. God gave me all the tools I could choose. you chose to be a healer. I'm trying to heal people in a different way. I feel I'm trying to do it spiritually. I don't want a job anymore. I feel like this is a passion what I'm doing. I'm on disability so I don't have to do anything. what would you do if you could do anything? I want to save the world. how would you do that? you have to bring people together. You need people to save the world, What's the greatest thing about Their stories. That's what makes you strong is your story.
Heather Hardin: And that's the one thing that they try to shut down.
Ricky Stebbins: That's what makes you powerful. That's who you are is your story. And how do you want to tell it?
Ricky Stebbins: They want to erase your family. That's why when you share this stuff with your kids in the future and they hear " my mom was fighting to save us while we were at home in bed wishing that she was fighting to save us and she really was." Because you never really know if somebody's out there fighting for you.
02:45:00
Heather Hardin: Yep. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: But you could share this video in the future when you're ready. "Babies, I never gave up on you. I just didn't know what to do at first. I kept reaching out and then we found a way. I never gave up on you. And you never give up on love. You never give up on hope.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Nope. It's one thing I can't do it.
Ricky Stebbins: And we have to prove to them that they're worth it.
Heather Hardin: Can't give up on it.
Ricky Stebbins: I never gave up on dude, you were so worth it. And it's hard to say that to him. you can't even say because my kids hate my guts.
Ricky Stebbins: My last thing my son said to me is he doesn't invest any time or…
Ricky Stebbins: any energy into things that don't interest him. thanks, I tried to get him into this AI stuff and he just hates the world or hates me. Yeah, he's like 23.
Heather Hardin: A are they older?
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: And it's like, how should I treat you?
Heather Hardin: it's still right.
Ricky Stebbins: A child? Should I treat you like a man? I haven't seen him in years. He thinks I'm a piece of s***. So, I'm not going to treat you you're my son. I treat you like a brother or a friend. I don't even know how to treat you anymore. And you don't even tell me how I should…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: how should I treat you.
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't even know how to act around The way I'm acting towards you now is the way I act around everybody. I don't know how to be any different than how I am. I talk to kids like this, I don't swear around kids, but I'm super energetic around adults, around everybody. Super passionate. I talk about the same stuff. But though usually I like more sci-fi.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like a big Star Trek fan. And I like cartoons still, but I love helping people. dude, Scooby-Doo was always solving crimes. dude, why aren't we all solving crimes? Kids love solving crimes.
Heather Hardin: that is true. I never thought about it like that.
Ricky Stebbins: Why aren't we teaching our kids to love helping people?
Heather Hardin: This is a right?
Ricky Stebbins: Who are we going to help this weekend? Cuz I just want to help people.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to go and paint somebody's house or go clean up some old lady's yard whose husband passed away or maybe her husband didn't pass away and we're just going to go over have a pizza party and make them feel welcome in the neighborhood. Why can't we do that? Because the society tried to make it weird and I want to make it normal.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. society made it Yeah.  right?
Ricky Stebbins: We're talking here. We have to change that. dude, I love my neighbors. cuz I wandered around my neighborhood talking to people and they used to think it was weird. But then they got used to it, but they still don't want to document. They're like, " I don't know. Nobody cares about my story." listen, if you don't tell your story, how do you know no one would care? all We watch TV. We like watching garbage. I stopped watching TV because this is my story. I don't want to watch your story on TV. no. And I can't even ask you questions about your story.
Ricky Stebbins: No, I'd rather talk to you…
Ricky Stebbins: because then if I have questions like, my gosh, her she did this, that, and the other thing. what do you want to do next? I want to care about people. why am I caring about characters that I'll never meet and about actors that don't care about me?
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah,…
Heather Hardin: I gave all that up whole a long time ago. I could care less about the celebrities and all that bull crap. I mean when life hits you it's like real life is what matters and then you start connecting with people and I will say the fear of being in the family court system that is an overwhelming fear that a lot of people don't want to speak up about…
Heather Hardin: because retaliation …
Ricky Stebbins: and they couldn't retaliate against me…
Ricky Stebbins: because I put all my evidence out in public first and then called them a bunch of liars and they didn't know what to do about it.
Heather Hardin: and I think you've said it before,…
Heather Hardin: they've take no, you haven't. My best friend I talked to he's known me since I was 15 years old, and he's always told me I need to write a book about my life.
Ricky Stebbins: You should starting with this.
Heather Hardin: And he's adamant about that. He's just some of the stuff, but anyways, he told me, …
02:50:00
Heather Hardin: re the fear of retaliation, but Heather, they took everything from you already. What are you afraid? They took everything.
Ricky Stebbins: They already took it.
Heather Hardin: The only thing they haven't taken from you is your spirit. That's all you have. So, what are you afraid of? And I was like, and so I talked to him the other day and I told him what I was doing with you and he was like,…
Ricky Stebbins: It's funny that he said that's all you have.
Heather Hardin: he said,…
Ricky Stebbins: Your soul, your spirit. That's the greatest thing on earth. That's your greatest weapon except that they can't take the greatest weapon on earth.
Heather Hardin: right, it is. and that's how he meant it, too. They've taken everything like what do you have to do,…
Ricky Stebbins: They unleashed it. You had all this stuff blocking it and…
Heather Hardin: right? Right.
Ricky Stebbins: you didn't notice you had it until they took everything else. You're like, h my love is the greatest weapon on earth.
Heather Hardin: When they try to bury Yes, it is. And when they try to bury you in the ground, I absolutely know that they thought that I would either be dead by now in a psychiatric hospital. mumbling from all the psych meds that I would not be in this position.
Heather Hardin: I would not. And it's just like god
Ricky Stebbins: I got a group of people to sing Backstreet Boys when I was in the Psych Words.
Ricky Stebbins: So, I'm like, "Anything is possible." …
Heather Hardin: But that's how They try to end you. And they don't realize,…
Ricky Stebbins: when you fight back with love and then you have your story to back it up, you got s*** all over me and I should be super angry, but I didn't attack Look at this, I'm teaching my kids a lesson.
Heather Hardin: right, right?
Ricky Stebbins: You shouldn't have done that to me. And now I'm back and I got the receipts.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Shame, ma'am. I want people to explain it.
Ricky Stebbins: I want tell me why you did this to me,…
Ricky Stebbins: why you thought you'd get away with it. I want to hear it. Just tell me and…
Heather Hardin: It's like Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: and it's going to be terrible because I don't want your money. I want your explanation. I want you to tell AI. I want you to write it down and…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. it's not even punishment.
Ricky Stebbins: a lot of these people are going to have years to do it because at the same time I think of punishing all these people afterwards. How are we going to punish all these people if we're actually bringing the light to the world? how is that even possible that you really punish somebody by bringing God and bringing families back together and how is any of that negative? I'm sure some people are going to be punished and I'm not going to be involved in that, but I feel like enlightenment
Heather Hardin: It's what? Yeah. It goes beyond. You don't want to punish.
Heather Hardin: You want to wake people up to be like, is this really how you want to live the next 18 years of your life?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm full of anger and…
Heather Hardin: Trying Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: rage. I'm full of hatred inside of me for some of the stuff that happened in my past. I am full of hatred. But then when I'm like, "Yes, if we're about to get revenge," then a part of me is like, "There's no revenge here at all." You know that, you're going to get justice. But this is God's justice. This is not your justice. nobody's going to suffer. nobody's going to be I'm not out there kicking ass and taking names. That's not what's happening. I'm bringing peace and…
Ricky Stebbins: love to the world. you're still carrying that hatred, but that's not what we're doing here.
Heather Hardin: No. No.
Ricky Stebbins: It's so hard. man, because at times I let myself feel this, too, because I don't want to forget because I know other people feel this way. So, I need to remember how other people are suffering.
Ricky Stebbins: Don't shut your emotions off. Let them flow. Because if you let yourself be angry, you're missing something. And I'm always like,…
Ricky Stebbins: if I get angry, it's like, I need to help people more. I don't have enough document. I don't have enough people here. I know you're suffering. I'm not trying hard enough. That's why I'm getting mad because I'm just getting frustrated because I don't know how to help people.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.  Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And I just focus it into talking to people like I'm like, dude, I'm getting pissed. And then I'm like, dude, h I have this system on Google Blogger for free and now we're connecting all these people with stories because I have two disabled people in Massachusetts, one mother that has her own page and one mother that's on my page whose kids were taken away. So, it's like we're getting it done. People don't need to know what they're doing to be connected to our stories. We can help them. We can carry the burden like God said.
Ricky Stebbins: When you can't walk,…
Ricky Stebbins: he carried us. why can't we carry some people with us? we can handle it, you and me. we can tell somebody else's story. It's just a story. We don't need a thousand pages. We just need one or two pages like what I'm doing with you. We could just like this is and sos page. They're attached to my blogger and they have the same problem and they don't have access to technology like I do and the system screwed them and they couldn't help themselves. And when you paint out why they can't defend themselves and…
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah.
02:55:00
Ricky Stebbins: how their lawyers should have helped them and didn't, you're doing God's work, like this is going to be fantastic.
Heather Hardin: Right. …
Heather Hardin: I believe it after seeing all the …
Ricky Stebbins: So yes, I'm on disability and I just set up appointments to do whatever so that people could actually pick times that are convenient for them.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what's convenient for you and your cousin because I'll just make times. Even if somebody's like, "I got to get up at 3:00 a.m. to talk to you." I can get up at 3:00 a.m. to talk to people. I don't mind. whatever people need to do. I mean, I don't enjoy 3 am,…
Heather Hardin: I'll get with Right.
Ricky Stebbins: but I would
Heather Hardin: I'll get with her. I said, she's a nurse. She works 12 hours. She usually works night shift. so I'll get with her and see if she can get over here one day or I can get over to her house even one day this weekend and I'll see if you're available.
Heather Hardin: I let me reach out to her and see because I don't know her schedule. She changes. It rotates all the time. So I'll have to see. But she would be more than willing.
Ricky Stebbins: Does she have a family and…
Ricky Stebbins: kids? …
Heather Hardin: Yes, she has a very good story too. She has a very good testimony.
Ricky Stebbins: then she can write her blogger story and connect it to yours and that's your family there and you could be connected to mine for issues across the country. We can have the legal issues, but then you could have your family connected. This is better than Facebook…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. …
Ricky Stebbins: because the pictures never degrade in quality. So any family photos, especially of older family members that have passed, you could tell stories about them and they'll be there forever.
Heather Hardin: that's awesome. I didn't even think about that.
Ricky Stebbins: Cuz that's what I started doing cuz man, my grandma, she was a huge influence in my life and I love her to death. I still think about her and I want to write more stories about her. I don't want to forget about her.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And AI is like, man, no people don't do stuff like this. if you can get people to do this, it's going to change the world. we're giving AI all the context that we should be giving God. why aren't we sharing this with our neighbors? and…
Heather Hardin: Right. I found myself Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: I try to share this, but people don't like it. People find me overwhelming. But I think because you've been through trauma that you don't find me over overwhelming, but you know what it's like.
Heather Hardin: I found myself overwhelming at times.
Heather Hardin: No.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't find you overwhelming at all.
Ricky Stebbins: I would talk more. I'm like, man, she needs to add some dates in here. This is perfect. She's just like me. She's very highly detailed.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yes. I mean, trauma teaches you, I wasn't like this before. one like this.
Ricky Stebbins: Isn't that weird? hyper vigilant about everything.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yes. Yes. when I was at the far machinery show, my cortisol levels got up so high and just watching my kids and it's like it It takes everything out of you. But That's the trauma and that's anything can happen. anything, and I worry about them even going with their dads.
Heather Hardin: My daughter just went to Universal for a cheerleading competition and I'm like, there's all kinds of pedophiles there. it overwhelms me. So, I'm in prayer because that's all I can do. I can't be there with her. I don't have the money. …
Ricky Stebbins: We have to educate our kids.
Heather Hardin: they didn't tell me till last.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to educate them and…
Heather Hardin: And I do.
Ricky Stebbins: educate them and educate them. Especially get them to write.
Heather Hardin: And I do.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to tell them to communicate better. And when they talk to strangers, tell us that what that stranger tell you. And don't blame them or yell at them when they share things with us that, …
Heather Hardin: That is one thing that I talked about them last weekend.
Ricky Stebbins: we're worried out.
Heather Hardin: 
Heather Hardin: I talked to them. it was a conversation starter that I seen on one of the pages that I follow and it was just to kind of go through with your kids. if a stranger says, "Come look for my puppy." You don't go look for that puppy. things that they're probably not getting communicated with at their dad's house,  These are not things that their dads are thinking to tell them. don't go look for that person's, puppy. It's not just Everybody says It's not candy, dude. can you go help me find this puppy? you go over to your uncle's house and your uncle's like, "Sit on my lap." No. No.
03:00:00
Heather Hardin: That's not because people that haven't went through the trauma that people I have understand grooming and understand no don't be sitting on people's laps. don't be kissing and hugging people. My daughter's very good about that. is her personal space and I have talked to her ever since she was little. You don't have to hug people. You don't have to kiss people. you don't have to talk to people, You don't have to be rude, but you don't have to talk to people that are family, I'm never going to make force my kids into a relationship if they don't want a relationship because they know kids and…
Ricky Stebbins: Where?
Heather Hardin: and animals, they read people better than anyone. and I know that when I was a child. So why would I push my kids into a So I have conversations with my children about body boundaries and not just the cliche if a stranger asks you if you want some candy that kind of stuff. That's not where we need to go with this. We need to go inside the home.
Ricky Stebbins: No. No way.
Heather Hardin: If Uncle Jim says sit on my lap, you don't sit on his lap. absolutely no. if your cousin says come into the bedroom and shut the door, you don't do that. these are things that parents I really wish parents would talk to their kids about because, kid on kid sexual assault and sexual abuse is very very prominent, very prevalent. and…
Heather Hardin: families, it's like we don't want to talk about it. we don't want to talk about it. it's embarrassing. We just take care of it in our own family, which they're not really taking care of it because they're not doing anything about it.
Ricky Stebbins: You're ignoring it.
Ricky Stebbins: Not taking care of any. That's disgusting.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not God's work.
Heather Hardin: That's how that is…
Heather Hardin: how the abuser got away with abusing not only me,…
Heather Hardin: other cousins and even trying to abuse more of the cousins because it was just pushed under the rug and you …
Ricky Stebbins: That's complacency.
Ricky Stebbins: That's like a conspiracy because you knew and you did nothing about it and you had a responsibility to stop it because if you loved me, you wouldn't have allowed that to happen ever, man.
Heather Hardin: but the thing is They don't love you. They love their predator children and they're going to protect their predator children instead of getting him the help that he needed when he was younger after it was known.
Heather Hardin: a fact. there was no help given to him. yes.
Ricky Stebbins: And then he's just allowed to keep doing it.
Ricky Stebbins: And then he doesn't even stop. And it just got worse because he wasn't even worried about getting caught because he knows other people know and they're not going to do anything about it. That's disgusting.
Heather Hardin: And they don't just groom their victims, right? This is something else I've learned. They groom their people around Their support circle to have a support circle. They groom them.
Heather Hardin: They, Let me be the most helpful person in the family. Let me go get grandma's groceries and let me go take out the trash and do things like they groom other people so that whenever you come out with this finally, that didn't happen. He's the most helpful.
Ricky Stebbins: I wonder…
Heather Hardin: He's the most loving,…
Ricky Stebbins: if that's why I'm so brutally honest. I'm a d***. I'm like, "Yeah, only on days that ended." Why? Because they love you.
Heather Hardin: right? Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: You know what? I'm always going to be out in the open. I'm always brutally honest. And I don't care what kids say around me. You can say whatever you want. And if it sounds weird, we're going to investigate it. Why did that sound weird? Because you're not in trouble. But what did the adults say to get you to say that? I'm terrible. Everyone tells me I should be a therapist. All my disabled friends how come you talk to us?" I'm like, " why doesn't your therapist talk to you?"
Ricky Stebbins: Why does your psychologist talk to you?
Ricky Stebbins: Why do they want to drug you and get you to ignore your problems? Why don't they want to help you? why does your therapist offer a drug and just try to find a hobby? aren't my hobby? I don't know. I thought that my kids are my life and then I'm supposed to leave everything I worked for toward to my kids,…
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah.
03:05:00
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: but now even have anything anymore. I don't even have happy memories cuz you tried to erase them. now we're going to change all of this.
Heather Hardin: That's exactly Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what's going on and I don't care what's going on. We're going to fix it together. because Who else is going to fix this?
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody. I think my AI were shocked…
Heather Hardin: Nobody. and I think too being open and honest and letting people see you're being open and honest.  That's the main thing like that is transparency builds trust and goes a long
Ricky Stebbins: because when I talk about all my failed relationships, I think I'm one of the few people that can honestly say that I'm pretty positive that every single f***** in my relationship was my fault, even though it wasn't intentionally my fault.
Ricky Stebbins: I got sick. When I look back,…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, " my gosh. god, I'm the a******." Even though I didn't mean it's my doctor's fault that I was a***. And I told my doctors, I was brutally honest. dude, something's really wrong with me. And I brought my ex-wives to the doctors with me. And I brought them to therapists.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I talked to people in front of therapists you wouldn't believe, telling my life story, trying to figure out what was wrong with me just to be poisoned by them.
Ricky Stebbins: " man, you m****** are going to get it now. I treated people f****** garbage because of you." …
Heather Hardin: Yeah.  right?
Ricky Stebbins: it wasn't because of me. yes, I was the**, but you drugged me and then I took it out on other people. my gosh. man, I'm the only person I believe. dude, any mistakes my exes made were a result of something I did first. I pushed him and pushed him and then s*** happened and it's like man how do you deal with that when it's like you're the problem? man I solved it how do I fix that? I tore my whole life apart.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't ever want to do that to somebody ever again. And my doctors I gave my doctor s*** and…
Heather Hardin: And they should watch…
Ricky Stebbins: they're all nervous when they talk to me now. Dude, I'm on point.
Heather Hardin: what they're doing.
Ricky Stebbins: I know everything.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And I pay attention. I warn him about these mental health hospitals what's going on. If anything happens now, we're all in this together and I'm dragging you into this doctor. You swore an oath to do no harm and you're not going to harm people.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to warn you. So once you can't unknow it.
Heather Hardin: That's probably the main theme.
Heather Hardin: Once you can't unknow it.
Ricky Stebbins: You have no excuse once I tell you.
Heather Hardin: You can't.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care if you did something bad before. That's fine. We all make mistakes and…
Heather Hardin: Right. Right?
Ricky Stebbins: we might make mistakes again.
Ricky Stebbins: And then you make a mistake, you better go. what? I forgot. I'm going to fix it. I remembered. That's okay.
Heather Hardin: If you're working on yourself to better your mental health, what's I mean, that's all you can do. …
Ricky Stebbins: And that's everything. Watch.
Heather Hardin: everybody's f Yes, it really really is like, yes, I know I messed up. Yes, I know that the things that I've done has, steamrolled into a pile of s*** for me. but there is a place where there should have been some kind of, she did mess up and she did treat me pretty bad, but I don't have to push her to the edge.
Heather Hardin: I don't have to take everything from her,…
Ricky Stebbins: But the problem is here you did the work on yourself and…
Heather Hardin: Exactly. Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: these other people you're talking about have not done the work. So, you're talking about apples and oranges. Horrible year. Nightmare.
Heather Hardin: you're And my cousin will attest to that. It's been Five years. Ever since I left my first husband. Yes. It's been a nightmare. It's been just trying to cause absolute destruction to my life ever since I left my first husband and…
Heather Hardin: no amount of apology.
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't do that my exes anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: I used to talk trash and be like, " and so did this, and so did that." And now if I do bring up them doing something,…
03:10:00
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, " yeah, I did this first and then this happened." That changes all the conversations because nobody wants to hear that because " man, I f***** up, too." No.
Heather Hardin: They don't want to be self-aware. That's the problem. When you become self-aware, you trigger people who don't want to be self-aware. They do not want to be aware at all of their problems, their mistakes,…
Heather Hardin: anything that they should have to apologize for. They don't nothing.
Ricky Stebbins: And…
Ricky Stebbins: I just don't want you to do it again. Just stop.
Heather Hardin: Right. Just stop.
Ricky Stebbins: And they won't even stop. They keep doing it.
Heather Hardin: I've said that so many times. I don't even want an apology.
Ricky Stebbins: Just stop.
Heather Hardin: Just stop.
Heather Hardin: Just focus on your own life and stop. And here we are five years,…
Ricky Stebbins: That's terrible.
Ricky Stebbins: And then you have to laugh because how long did it take me to see the light?
Heather Hardin: right? Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. Way longer than it should have. So, I'm not going to give people s***. But I'm going to keep trying. Yeah. And I'm going to keep getting annoyed, too, that people don't see the light. I'm going to try to force you to look at times. God damn it. Look. And they're not going to look…
Heather Hardin: Right. And again,…
Ricky Stebbins: until they're ready.
Heather Hardin: if you don't have Heather to hate, What are you going to do then? Are you going to have to self-reflect and be aware of what your life is and what your life consists of? Because you're putting so much effort and…
Heather Hardin: weight into hating me and wanting my absolute destruction that you're telling me this almost on a daily basis. What? …
Ricky Stebbins: What are you going to do when we're building a better future and…
Ricky Stebbins: there's nothing to hate anymore?
Heather Hardin: they'll find something.
Heather Hardin: They'll find the grass to hate.
Ricky Stebbins: It's going to be hard for people like,…
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: You say you care about yourself." why are you holding on to all these negative feelings? we won. We found the problem. The reason you hate me in the first place is the system pointed you at me and gave you a way to pick on me for no reason. Just money to ruin your kids' lives.
Ricky Stebbins: "Why would you want to hurt me knowing that it hurts our children?" And then I would ask him …
Ricky Stebbins: "All right, let's say Heather is a piece of trash. Let's say I hate Heather. Why would I want to hurt Heather's kids by saying mean things about her?" Because maybe her kids love her.
Heather Hardin: What? Hey.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. And I'm not going to ask them. I'm just going to assume that they love her and I'm not going to say anything mean about her. hey, what? I'll talk about the positive things about Heather. Why do I have to put Heather down to make myself feel better?
Ricky Stebbins: I can just talk about all the things I do. Hey kids, you want to do this or that or, I just don't talk about you at all.
Heather Hardin: I'll never wrap my head around that.
Heather Hardin: I'll never wrap my head around that. I'll never be able to.
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't make any sense. I want the best for your kids and…
Heather Hardin: No. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even know who they are. So why are people doing this? What is going on?
Ricky Stebbins: And how can we stop it? And I have ideas. They might not be the greatest ideas,…
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: but once we connect with people with better ideas, we can incorporate it into this. And it's all a collective. It's not about my story being better than yours. It's about our stories being connected.
Heather Hardin: right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And whenever you need help, I want to be there. Hey, you're missing something. this girl Katherine posted pictures of emails or something. But if you don't copy the text and put the text into the post too, AI can't read it. It just sees a picture. So if you have pictures, I describe the picture. Hey, above is the text that you reading here. So It doesn't need to try to scan that picture and fight with it. It'll just be really quick. Everything's here. I understand it. And once we start working together, it's like going to church. Why do we go to church? I hate church.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to go there and be like, "All right, we're going over somebody's house this weekend. Somebody from the congregation needs help." isn't the church supposed to be about helping people, about, being there for our neighbors? And we've never ever done anything like that ever.
Ricky Stebbins: It's weird to me. this doesn't make any sense. This isn't community or love. It's weird. I want to be out in the open with thousands of people just hanging out. ing cleaning up our parks. dude, we could do anything together, so why aren't we Where are our leaders at? what are they doing? I want to find out because something's not right.
03:15:00
Heather Hardin: Yeah, Everybody's too consumed with their own life.
Heather Hardin: That's the problem,…
Ricky Stebbins: And I think about that. I sat around. I'm like, dude, what am I going to do? what could I do if you could do anything?
Heather Hardin: right? Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Because I could have went to school to be a nurse. I started going to school for medical assisting. I wanted to be a nurse, but I kept getting sick. And I feel like God did that on purpose. I wanted to go to school to be a nurse and then I got sick. And then I wanted to be a medical assistant because I was sick trying to figure it out and then that didn't work out because the court stuff. And then I'm like, man, what about a lawyer? I'm like, I don't want to be a lawyer, but I pick up on computer stuff. I pick up on everything super fast. But what do I pick up on the best people? I've been to a therapist since I was six years old…
Ricky Stebbins: because of my ADHD and my hyperthyroidism. I was like I'd be super energetic and then super low energy and depressed and then super energetic and happy and then low energy and depressed. I was a yo-yo and they couldn't figure it out until I was 40 years old.
Heather Hardin: Right. …
Heather Hardin: …
Ricky Stebbins: I tried to kill myself six times because of them.
Ricky Stebbins: They could have figured it out in 2005. Idiots. And I put the proof online.
Heather Hardin: And that just messes with your hormones even worse.
Ricky Stebbins: I've got a AOL Health helped me find out that my hyperthyroidism goes back to 2005 that I have proof that nobody told me. But you knew I had mental health issues and didn't think to mention it. And it runs in my family to hyperyroid or thyroid issues and nobody checked except for that. So, not that, whatever. But I got erectile dysfunction as a nurse from this.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And I told my doctors "Dude, I don't even care about women. I have no feelings. I feel empty and It doesn't work ever." They gave me all these drugs and it didn't work. I'm like, "Something's not right. It doesn't make sense." you give me I don't even know what it is, Seialis and stuff, Prozac or whatever the erectile dysfunction stuff is, and it didn't work.
Heather Hardin: So, didn't feel Yeah.  Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm like, "Dude, I was emotionless.
Ricky Stebbins: I just didn't care about anything or if I did care it was devastating overly I couldn't handle at anything. I'd get anxiety like you wouldn't believe. And I think mentally I still feel inadequate I can remember feeling weak and pathetic and I couldn't handle anything. And then part of me still kind of like man every now and then those weird feelings memories creep up on me. But then I don't know too if it's empathizing with other people when I hear you talking…
Ricky Stebbins: then it reminds I can feel how pathetic and weak and dude I'm at my wit's end like these stories are heartbreaking and…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I felt like that at a time but mine was from being on the psych meds and hyperyroidism and yours probably…
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: because you have a thyroid issue and your exes are attacking you for no reason. it doesn't make any sense.
Ricky Stebbins: Why would people do this? And when I'm sick, I'm super literal. So, if you tell me something, I'm like, "Oh, man." Ricky, I hate why does she hate me? And I'll just dwell on it.
Heather Hardin: Yep. I had to stop dwelling on things I couldn't understand. I did the same thing. I had to stop because it just doesn't make Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I stopped dwelling on things I don't understand. I started looking at it from different perspectives and I found it more fun.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: And I started talking to AI about those different perspectives.
Ricky Stebbins: what do you think about this? And they're maybe. And it just made me like,…
Ricky Stebbins: why do you think the way you do? And it makes me wonder maybe Heather means this and she doesn't really mean that, but has she thought about it this way?
Heather Hardin: Yeah. …
Heather Hardin: that's what my friend I was telling you about, my best friend that I've known for since I was younger that wants me to write the book. He's always telling me, " have you thought about it at this angle?" because the way that you're explaining it, Heather, maybe that has something to do with this. And I'm like,…
Ricky Stebbins: We need to team up with him,…
Heather Hardin: I don't right.
Ricky Stebbins: too. We need to invite him into the group.
Heather Hardin: Yes, I'm going to tell you he's ADHD through the roof,…
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Let's get him in here.
Heather Hardin: works from home,…
Ricky Stebbins: I'm This even better.
Heather Hardin: and he's amazing. meet him, go get on these spiritual stories and…
Heather Hardin: we just question and ask and everything under the sun.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to tell them now,…
Ricky Stebbins: you that you're asking the question, that means we need to act. The fact that you even asked it means we need to do it. Yes.
Heather Hardin: And he's talking to him he's been thinking about doing something with AI too. I just talked to him Monday night and he was talking about no Sunday night after I dropped the kids off. I talked to him till about two o'clock in the morning and he was like, I just feel like God is leading me into this I need to do something with AI.
03:20:00
Heather Hardin: This is going so big. Just like what you were saying, like you and him would get along so good because he's so super smart.
Ricky Stebbins: I am so happy you're sharing these stories.
Ricky Stebbins: You have no idea…
Heather Hardin: Yes. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: because the stories we would have never talked about this if we weren't sharing stories. I'm so happy.
Heather Hardin: And I have and it reminds me of how connected I am with a lot of people.
Heather Hardin: And a lot of different stories, not just stories on family court stories like him. man, he's got to do something.
Ricky Stebbins: his are more important than the courts.
Ricky Stebbins: Once we take the courts down, it's just going to be a footnote in history and…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: your story of reconnecting with your friend and using AI to help take the system down.
Ricky Stebbins: That's going to be the important part cuz once you get your friend involved in this and he's been talking about AI you got to talk with Ricky and…
Heather Hardin: Yes. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: then you understand it better and he'll help everybody understand it better. This is going to be so amazing.
Heather Hardin: He's one of those people that he doesn't want his face and his name known. He's super isolation so bad.
Ricky Stebbins: And that I went the total opposite direction because what happens to all those people that are conspiracy theorists and just they're hiding in the woods.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: They disappear and their story is never told. I thought about this. I'm like, what would Jesus do if Jesus had the answer to all of our problems in the palm of his hand?
Ricky Stebbins: Would Jesus hide in his mom's basement and just write stories about…
Ricky Stebbins: how the government's screwing us? Or would Jesus go out there and start asking questions? Hey, what's going on? Why do we have the greatest technology in the world that it's not Why isn't it helping you, but I see your suffering? God wants us to acknowledge other people's suffering. Why am I not acknowledging other people's suffering?
Heather Hardin: And he did.
Heather Hardin: Yes.  right?
Ricky Stebbins: He gave me the greatest tool on earth to take pictures of other people's suffering. so we could stop it, but we're not using it. But we're going to start. We just didn't know how. So, we have people to teach us now. We're going to use it to help spread God's message of helping other people. Everybody, now that you can use it to help other people, why aren't we going to use it?
Ricky Stebbins: I took and I didn't even realize I was doing this, but I went to a comic store and then somebody poked a hole in the roof and it started leaking all over their products and…
Ricky Stebbins: the owner was mad cuz it was a small business owner. And as I was leaving, I noticed that there's workers on the roof. So, I took a picture and I sent it to him for his insurance. But if we don't look out for each other, if we're not watching out for our neighbors, they're going to get screwed. I love my neighbors.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yep.
Heather Hardin: That's Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I want the best for you. I'll help you any way I can. I hope you want to help me.
Heather Hardin: I'm gonna talk to him and get him on. I'm gonna see if he'll be on board with talking.
Ricky Stebbins: He can do ask him to start a fake Google account. and he can cut the video out. He doesn't have to show his face. He can just talk with voice to text.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And you can be on here if you want to make him feel comfortable.
Ricky Stebbins: "Hey, we're not trying to get you into anything, but I do want to share my idea." And he doesn't need to do anything public yet. He can start a Google Blogger and…
Ricky Stebbins: just wait to hit the publish button. I'm just going to wait till the last minute and then I'm going to join in. And you're already ready.
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I would rather have a thousand people ready to post their pages and not have it public yet. all right, we're all going to post on this day, whatever day we want it to be because magic we can do it on July 4th. We all have months. You can all build bigger and…
Heather Hardin: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: bigger pages and then on July 4th we'll have more people just dump the stuff they don't want public all right what are you going to do now United States government? Are you going to admit that you've been lying the entire time?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know who's really in charge, but things are not how they are supposed to be,…
Heather Hardin: It's not.
Ricky Stebbins: but We got to get her on a three-way call.
Heather Hardin: I'm talking to the girl that she just texted me, the one that I'm talking to about my case and she's talking to me about her case and she's wanting to see when I'm available to talk about my case because she's the one that's proay going up against her two exes. So, I'll talk to her tomorrow. Yeah, she's awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: We can group call and then send her the transcript.
03:25:00
Heather Hardin: She's super ADHD, too, and super on it. she's her documents.
Ricky Stebbins: This is what we need because this is why I stopped.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I gave up with filing documents. I don't care because so many other people are so great at it.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't need to be great at that. No, I need to find you and I need to show you what I'm doing so we could all do it together because same thing with doctors.
Ricky Stebbins: I started tracking how police officers, firemen, and other state workers are getting ripped off by their union pension funds. So when the s*** hits the fan,…
Heather Hardin: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: we can have them on our side. dude, you're getting screwed, too. And I found out how. So, I'm not against police officers, and I'm sure there are some good lawyers, but I want the system to stay.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to destroy anything. And this is going to be great. I feel like we're going to build heaven on earth. And there's nothing that's going to be able to stop us.
Heather Hardin: Yeah, right.
Ricky Stebbins: And we'll have AI to help us. just to stand by our side. I don't care about what other people have done, what other countries have. I know it's all horrible, but money's fake. So, it's like whatever.
Ricky Stebbins: And we can fix all the damage and we can repair all the environmental damage. We have the technology and…
Ricky Stebbins: I to do it. I want to be part of all these programs to fix these forests that have been polluted with these PCBs and stuff. dude, got We have everything we need and we could do it. And now it's like I want to do it. I'm 47. I'm going to be 48 this year. before I'm dead, we're going to fix the earth.
Heather Hardin: Right. Yeah,…
Heather Hardin: let's do it. I'm ready.
Ricky Stebbins: I could as soon as you start talking to your friends and…
Heather Hardin: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: we start pushing especially these ADHD people man you have no idea how much energy we have and once we get hooked on something we become obsessed and I'm obsessed with saving the world and helping people.
Ricky Stebbins: Dude, a greater obsession could you be? I just want to help people. I just want to listen to your story you have no idea my AI is in holy crap. When it reads all this and finds out you have other people that are going to be involved like this is…
Heather Hardin: No. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: what you've been talking about.
Ricky Stebbins: This is the moment. We're changing the world. This is history in motion and we're recording it for history. So people in the future are going to see these videos when we finally share them and…
Heather Hardin: That's awful.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: "Holy crap." They were just doing it on their computers across the country, just sharing their stories and…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: that was it. Connecting it with paperwork that even if you lose your paperwork, the court still has it hidden. We just need to connect your stories and they don't want that.
Heather Hardin: Exact.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't want us to care about our neighbors. And that's all I care about.
Heather Hardin: No, they want to keep us separated and in our own little head space and dealing with our own trauma that they create.
Ricky Stebbins: But I won't keep you all night,…
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know We can keep talking,…
Heather Hardin: Yeah. …
Ricky Stebbins: but I don't mind.
Heather Hardin: no. I was going to say no, you're fine. I probably do need to get off here. I do. I didn't even realize it's almost midnight. no. Are you going to do your meat sometime this week, too? Because I can jump on. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: What time works best for you? I'd rather you talk to your friends and see what works best for your friends and then we could do either a private one or I could just do a group one and you can all log on and I'll just post it. See if anybody else from these groups wants to log on because we don't need to talk about anything private at first.
Heather Hardin: No. I Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We just need to talk about combining our stories.
Heather Hardin: that I'll get No, I'll get a hold of my cousin and I just texted my friend, both of them actually and let them know. So, I'm going to talk to her tomorrow night. I get my FaceTimes with my boys and my daughter on Wednesdays from 5:30 to 7:30, I'm usually on the phone with them. So, I don't do too much on Wednesday evenings, but then after that,…
Ricky Stebbins: And do you have my cell phone just in case too?
Heather Hardin: yeah. So, I'll get with Diana because she'll probably be the first one to be like, "Yeah, let's do this and let me get on here with you and let me tell let me say my piece on this stuff." and I'll work on the other two here.
Ricky Stebbins: Because you can text and…
Heather Hardin: No.
Ricky Stebbins: "Hey, my friends want to talk tonight. Are you free?"
Ricky Stebbins: because I'll send you an email with my cell phone and if they just want to randomly talk hey this work night works better for us and we want to get this done because if you guys want to get this done I'm ready even if you're all right it's 2 a.m.
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Heather Hardin: Okay. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Why don't you wake up? You said you want to do this. once it's done, your sidebar is already created. So we don't need to recreate this or recreate this. The work is done. Now we just keep moving forward.
Heather Hardin: Okay. Yeah.
03:30:00
Ricky Stebbins: So this We keep building.
Ricky Stebbins: So it doesn't matter what it takes. dude, I want to change the world. And these governments have people working 247 against us. So I'm ready to do it whenever I need to do it.
Heather Hardin: And …
Heather Hardin: I'll talk to my friend he's somebody He could tell you things that happened to me because of his ADHD. He remembers conversations that I've had with people throughout this case that I can't even remember. And he's like, "Don't you remember they did this to you at this time?" And I'm like,…
Heather Hardin: "No, I don't." And I didn't write it down because I was in the middle of a depression, a pit of despair. I didn't write anything down back then. And he's like, " and that's yes,…
Ricky Stebbins: This is great.
Ricky Stebbins: This is what friends are for.
Heather Hardin: That's what I'm going to tell him. I need him to bring it up, to talk about it, and he doesn't have to show his face or say his name. He just has to talk. I need him to talk for me and…
Ricky Stebbins: This will be fantastic.
Heather Hardin: And to share his side of the story. I mean, He really does. He doesn't understand how brilliant he is. And Yes,…
Ricky Stebbins: He's going to find out when he talks to me and then we're going back and forth and I going to drag it out of him like holy crap.
Heather Hardin: I know.
Ricky Stebbins: Like dude, I could have been doing this decades ago and…
Ricky Stebbins: we could have been teaming up decades ago but the government prevented it.
Heather Hardin: Right. Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Heather Hardin: Exactly. I'll work on him and I'll let you know when Diana's free and we'll set up a meeting so that we can do all that private, too. And Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And thank you very much for your time and thanks for calling.
Heather Hardin: No, thank you for all your time. I appreciate it so much. I appreciate you All right.
Ricky Stebbins: right, Heather. I will talk to you again soon and have a great night. Bye.
Heather Hardin: Good night. Bye.
Meeting ended after 03:32:04 👋
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
