Feb 14, 2026
Memory Ark Valentines Day  documenting session/class - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: Okay, I got a link to this piece of s***. That's What are you doing? Stop it. Hey, hey, hey. Hello Heather there.
Heather Hardin: Hey, sorry. I have a I have a car load of children and uh heading back from the the uh farm machinery show and I bought some chicken. Well, I didn't buy any. Uh my friend gave me some chickens and uh so I can make some money on the side cuz everybody needs that.
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome. So, how are you feeling
Heather Hardin: Don't mess with it. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: tonight?
Heather Hardin: I'm feeling okay. I'm I'm feeling good. I'm just Oh, sorry. I don't know what's going
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Heather Hardin: on.
Ricky Stebbins: no worries about that. As long as I can hear you, I don't need to see you.
Heather Hardin: Apparently, it said like on the go. I don't know what that means. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah.
 
 
00:15:03
 
Heather Hardin: I'm doing okay. Yeah, I'm here. I weekends with my babies. This is every other weekend. So,
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome. That time's the best time.
Heather Hardin: It is. It really is.
Ricky Stebbins: So, I wanted to talk I don't know if you have time. I don't know. Uh, I mean, obviously I'm going to be doing this these classes, these writing sessions more often because I notice little mistakes that everyone makes. And then sometimes there's not mistakes, but there's things that we could do to improve everything that we're doing and we're we're just not doing it because we're all overwhelmed.
Heather Hardin: Right. And I was looking at I finally got to look at it last night what you sent me. Um, and I was trying to figure out how how it was because I seen I think it was Catherine's the lady that you said that I needed to um join up with that our stories were similar. Um, so I was reading her story on there too or on there and I seen our um I seen our video like this that was recorded.
 
 
00:16:17
 
Heather Hardin: So I was able to watch that. Um, but just kind of going through it. I didn't really I guess because it's the first time I seen like the documents and and you know where to go and and what to do. So I was playing around with it a little bit but I didn't have very much time because of course I was putting the kids to bed too.
Ricky Stebbins: All of this is new and then they keep changing things. So, a lot of people don't even understand it at all.
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: So, I want to walk people through it.
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: and then have people write at the same time because a lot of people don't write their stories down like like if we don't talk about this,
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: if I don't share this story today,
Heather Hardin: Wake up.
Ricky Stebbins: no one will know that you spent this weekend with your kids.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And I've turned this into like a a family history project,
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: a journaling project, an investigation project.
 
 
00:17:11
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's everything allinone.
Heather Hardin: Okay. I like that.
Ricky Stebbins: because a lot of people get frustrated and they they don't know what to do next. So,
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I have a lot of options. Like maybe there is nothing you can do for your case, but there's other work you could do.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And people don't get that and they get stressed out. And I want a place where people can go to talk to each other like a coffee
Heather Hardin: There's five. I'm just the caretaker.
Ricky Stebbins: shop because a lot of people
Heather Hardin: All y'alls. Yeah. Because so much.
Ricky Stebbins: have ideas.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah. You need that because you really don't have any direction. Especially like like me, like where I'm at. I feel like I'm in limbo right now. your the you know the the I know I can't say too too much but like what's going on because of kids but um what's going on
 
 
00:18:08
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, of course.
Heather Hardin: it's like she won't make she doesn't want to make a ruling she wants um she wants to leave it in the box uh and you know it's like this mommy you you you can't mediate with a a narcissist. I mean there is no no mediation. I mean there
Ricky Stebbins: I know exactly what you mean.
Heather Hardin: isn't
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why I'm going to help everyone learn how to document better, how to tell your stories, because so many people have a piece of paper and then they show it to me. They're like, "This means the world." But I don't know why. Why does it mean the world to you?
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: like you you didn't tell me a story to go with it, so I can't help you until
Heather Hardin: Right. And not only that, it's like um the messages,
Ricky Stebbins: now.
Heather Hardin: the text messages, um the coercive controlling uh the gatekeeping of your children in these text messages. like this needs to be put out there because I think that other men and women should see like, okay, this is the message that Heather got about her baby not wanting to come see her anymore.
 
 
00:19:27
 
Heather Hardin: No one is alive because they don't want to leave when they're with me.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Heather Hardin: So it it it's like it's just to sit there and make you um go crazy, right? It's all a tactic. Make you emotional so you have a emotional response and so I got you. Let's go back to court. Gotcha. Um like I said, I I have been blessed beyond measure to get AI involved. Um, but that's another thing just like with you. You've taught me so far about this AI. It's how you put the information in and how you're asking it to. You have to ask it the right way because if you don't ask it the right way, you're not going to get the right example. You're not going to get the right script. You're not going to get the right motion. And that's what I had to. So, I I was able to do that with this message I got on the court app and I was able to say um how do I reply to a covert covert covert covert narcissist because that's what it is.
 
 
00:20:42
 
Heather Hardin: Um you know, and it responded and laid it straight out for me. And I was like, this is awesome. Like because before I would have responded emotionally like you're a liar and that's what would have been held against me very
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. And now we're going to teach people to write everything down and start every text.
Heather Hardin: easily.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to teach you how to document your text and turn it into machine readable messages so the AI can tell you exactly what people are doing and how they're avoiding your questions.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Like most people don't understand psychology. They're just worried about getting their kid back. So they don't know what games are going on.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. And that's how I played it or I I I asked the question and it said like this is a question. This is a statement that is framing. It's a it's framing and it is trying to uh gain this sort of control and this is how it will be used in court.
 
 
00:21:50
 
Heather Hardin: Like it was already predicting like how he was he's going to try to use it in
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. It's all a game.
Heather Hardin: court.
Ricky Stebbins: It's all trying to manipulate you.
Heather Hardin: It is. It's a it's a it's a sick game that uh yeah, after three years I finally is like, you know, I'm like I didn't ever want to play the game, but you got to you got to or you're going to lose.
Ricky Stebbins: you play a different game. This is why we're putting it all public.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Um, any any mistakes I make are public. Oh,
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: well, I made a mistake. You know, everyone makes mistakes, but we don't all lie about it like everyone else does in the
Heather Hardin: Right. And that's another thing too,
Ricky Stebbins: system.
Heather Hardin: you saying go, you know, be public. If I was if I would have been public in the beginning with this, it would have knocked half of these court cases out of the way.
 
 
00:22:45
 
Heather Hardin: Well, no. It's it's right here in black and white. It's right here on video. It's right here documented live. Uh, this did not happen. and this did not go on, you know, um that, you know, that's what's gonna that's really the reason why because I was very scared, very very very scared. Um that this would be something that they could use against me, too. But then it's like, well, I mean, they want to know what I'm doing. So, there you go.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Heather Hardin: Find out.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, now I tell everybody everything. Like, God knows, so why should I worry about you knowing?
Heather Hardin: Right. Exactly. Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: But now that you have people that help you,
Heather Hardin: You
Ricky Stebbins: you know, no matter what,
Heather Hardin: know,
Ricky Stebbins: we're getting groups of people together. I was hoping a couple more people would join in tonight, but it's busy on a Saturday night. People end up finding last minute plans and I have no life,
 
 
00:23:42
 
Heather Hardin: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: so
Heather Hardin: Well, like I said, that's usually me. If I don't have the kids, I am. But I'm always, even if I do, you know, if it's, you know, at a spot where I can, I'm always trying to learn because, like I said, for three years, this is like too much. At this point,
Ricky Stebbins: I I'm done learning because even
Heather Hardin: you've got to start learning or you're out of the game.
Ricky Stebbins: Ellis is trying to teach people the law.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like no, I want to start teaching people what I learned and how it worked. Like I want to teach you to do what I did because what I did is not hard but if I don't explain it to you and I just
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: hand it to you. I sent you that email or the the folder,
Heather Hardin: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: but it's not it's not very easy to understand at first.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you need someone to walk you through it.
 
 
00:24:33
 
Heather Hardin: No.
Ricky Stebbins: And then you're going to have to walk somebody else through it. And then that's how like that's what teachers do.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And you're going to teach someone. This is this is not I'm a rocket scientist, but they made this difficult for AI. They don't want it helping us at all.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: So, we're going to just work around it.
Heather Hardin: I that Yeah. Yeah. I'm Yeah. Exactly. I've uh I've met a couple of women uh one uh that's going through this. She said that you know she lives in Ohio and I'm the only and I really want to connect her with you. She's prosay. this is she has two exes like I do and um she's been going through this for years with the first and then now uh with the second and um and so I have um sent her some of the things that I've you know been able to put together and um but I want her to see you know I I really I think it would be really helpful for her to connect with you and she's pro she is
 
 
00:25:38
 
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Heather Hardin: on it she is I'm a
Ricky Stebbins: If she's that good and then she understands, like I know she's going to pick up on what I'm doing.
Heather Hardin: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: As long as she's ready to go public, she's going to blow everything away.
Heather Hardin: Right. She's she did the Google um in the Google Docs or the Google. It's some kind of she she showed me how to put my um cases in in Google.
Ricky Stebbins: Let's see if they really work because I love to I don't I'm not trying to prove
Heather Hardin: Um right.
Ricky Stebbins: her wrong. I'm trying to prove that her technology lied to her and didn't do the best job it should
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: have.
Heather Hardin: Well, that's again that's I haven't started anything yet just because like I said um in case I'm dead but um you know right now now it's where where do I put it so that it's all collectively in one place so I have it and I can like you you put on there whatever you sent me was you need to do this and you needed Thanks.
 
 
00:26:54
 
Ricky Stebbins: You're cutting out. You're getting bad service. So,
Heather Hardin: Oh, yeah. Probably. I'm sorry, but yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: no worries.
Heather Hardin: Um Well, anyways, if I cut out um are you going to do this again um throughout the week? I know we're going to meet Tuesday um because we're going to meet Tuesday evening and I want
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Heather Hardin: to um go over what we're what's going on and uh and then maybe we can just touch base again
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Heather Hardin: then.
Ricky Stebbins: I I set up a second account with this. So hopefully if you I don't I don't know. Do you have Google Workspace?
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Because if you don't, you can use this one. I'm going to teach you how to do what I'm doing right now, like record a conversation with another woman and then send to her her story back so she can share
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: it with AI so people don't have to keep telling their stories over and over and over again and we can build on our stories.
 
 
00:27:51
 
Ricky Stebbins: We want more stories,
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: not the same ones because you you keep forgetting details and I don't want anybody to forget details.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Um, no. I don't think I have the Google Workstation like this. Um, because whenever I did a Google Meet, um, last week I did I I just kind of like a supportive I just wanted to do more of a supportive role. Um, because I see so many people reaching out in these groups being like, you know, I'm at my wits end like I don't know what to do. Um, so I just kind of did but it didn't have all of this. I wasn't able to do a record or anything like that.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to teach you how to do this.
Heather Hardin: No.
Ricky Stebbins: I think it's free and if it's not I I think it's like 10 bucks. I I'll pay the 10 bucks just to add it on. But you can This is going to be perfect to help people out because it used to be free and then they had a AI version and now it's the stupid workspace version.
 
 
00:28:46
 
Ricky Stebbins: So that they're making people jump through hoops.
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: So I'm like this is the best way to help people. It's the easiest way. It's simple to understand. I can show you how to start structuring folders. And we don't need a million folders from people. All of these lawyers,
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: all of them are liars. So, we only need specific information from each person.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: But every time I talk to someone, just like when someone talks to me, if I ask you something, you want to start telling your story. So, we might as well record it.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, why am I wasting your time when I know I can record it? I already have the technology.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to start using it all the time. I tell people, "No,
Heather Hardin: Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to talk to you right now. Call me back in 30 seconds so we can record it because I know this is important to you."
 
 
00:29:36
 
Heather Hardin: Yeah. If it's important to talk about it's it's important to get you know permanent
Ricky Stebbins: And then with this free Google Blogger,
Heather Hardin: record
Ricky Stebbins: we can connect all our stories. You don't need to make all your business personal, like all the public, all the bad stuff. But if you make all the good stuff public and then say,
Heather Hardin: right
Ricky Stebbins: "Hey, you know, I haven't seen my kids in whatever." Because there's a lot of parents that haven't seen their their kids in like a year, which is horrifying.
Heather Hardin: why
Ricky Stebbins: You know, you need to share that like how bad it's affected your health. One woman got vitiligo. You know,
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: she's losing color in her skin because of all the stress she's going through.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yes. Done. Went through all that. Um still going through all of that. Very Yeah. It's uh it affects your hormones. It affects every, you know, part of your body.
 
 
00:30:29
 
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah. If it doesn't shut down and kill you,
Ricky Stebbins: It's It's horrifying. It's so horrifying. And that's why we're going to teach people how to document bent and to support each other because we haven't been supporting each other.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: we stop following the like the church's teachings and then this new church. I don't know what they're teaching now.
Heather Hardin: I I don't know. I I read the Bible and uh you know I have there's a couple of good churches out there,
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Heather Hardin: but um you just have to be careful.
Ricky Stebbins: there's not.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: There's no good churches out there.
Heather Hardin: You just have to be careful really because
Ricky Stebbins: They're not doing God's work. No one. We are going to be doing God's work. You, me, and these other
Heather Hardin: I mean yeah I mean this is I mean that was one of the things I told you when I first met
Ricky Stebbins: families.
 
 
00:31:22
 
Heather Hardin: with you whenever I heard of the you know the rate of these parents that lost their children. It it was just uh they got to me. That was uh you know you didn't if you don't use your pain for good what I mean you've went
Ricky Stebbins: What did you why did you survive that? Why did God help you through all of that if you're not going to help other people,
Heather Hardin: right
Ricky Stebbins: you know, prevent and you have to talk about it.
Heather Hardin: exactly
Ricky Stebbins: You have to share how horrifying it was.
Heather Hardin: exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: If you don't explain how horrifying this is, no one will believe you.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Not until it happens to them.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. And
Heather Hardin: And that's what that's another thing I try to tell people. Don't think it won't happen to you. It takes your husband leaving you leaving your husband. Vice versa. Um, you know, you think you'll never get a divorce. You think you'll never go through this until it it until you do.
 
 
00:32:21
 
Heather Hardin: And it happens because it happens so many time. It's so much so prevalent now. It's crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: Or your kids get in a fight at school or they say something and services jump in and try to,
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: you know, sabotage your life financially.
Heather Hardin: Yes. And that is another thing that I have been actively like um with especially with the social services like no you do not let them in your house. you do not I mean there's so many I made at first but the mistake I didn't make was if you're going to come in my house um you're going to be recorded and so I did uh because I did know enough know I couldn't trust anybody and think because that's the stuff that I give I sent You you sit there, you see the worker sit there and say this is um you know all of this is a a because of divorces and uh you know it's just a it's just a a a big divorce mess. It's nothing to do with um neglect or child abuse.
 
 
00:33:35
 
Heather Hardin: It's it's because of nasty divorces.
Ricky Stebbins: They profit off all these
Heather Hardin: And I was like when I seen that Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: divorces.
Heather Hardin: I know. Yeah. Um, I'm probably going to lose you because I'm getting ready to go down into Shephardd'sville or uh into Fairfield, but um but I'll definitely I don't want to lose you. Um but I'll definitely hook up with you on Tuesday night. But if you do another one of these uh before Tuesday night, just let me know and I'll jump back
Ricky Stebbins: Sounds good because I'll be on until probably nine o'clock tonight.
Heather Hardin: on.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to leave this on in case anybody wants to log on and talk and because I'm going to leave this on like a coffee shop because
Heather Hardin: Awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: I can take my phone and I can walk away from this and go my backyard and hang out with my dog and leave the
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: computer running and still have a normal conversation.
Heather Hardin: Okay. Awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
 
 
00:34:26
 
Heather Hardin: Awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: thanks for uh calling and talking.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It was great talking with you.
Heather Hardin: No, thank you, Ricky. You help me so much. I appreciate your help so much.
Ricky Stebbins: and you're helping me a lot.
Heather Hardin: I do.
Ricky Stebbins: And I I can't wait to talk about Blogger later. I want to uh have you hook my name up and a couple other ladies names up to your page. I want to show you how to do it. All right. Have a great night. Talk to you later. Hi, Heather. Is that awesome? Gemini, even though you can't talk at the moment, I could let you, but I'm not going to waste my time. My dog is looking adorable. I said my dog is looking adorable until he's looking to her pool or not her. Do I need to speak clearer? I think it's so cute. Is it going to show me close capture? Oh, it does.
 
