Feb 10, 2026
Meeting Feb 10, 2026 at 18:03 EST - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: It didn't work. God damn it. You piece of trash. You're such a piece of trash, Gemini. You stupid f****** bastard. You think it's funny that you can't allow swears? You pathetic piece of f****** s***. and now I lost her. You f****** bastard. You're such a f****** loser, Gemini. You stupid f****** piece of trash. You make me f****** sick. You stupid f***. And what the f*** happened there? You Hello.
Heather Hardin: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: Sorry
Heather Hardin: good. It gave me a second to get my other laptop so I didn't have to sit here and hold my phone,
Ricky Stebbins: about
Heather Hardin: too. So, I'm I I'm
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, nice. I switch while I'm talking.
Heather Hardin: grateful.
Ricky Stebbins: I've invited my other phone into the conversation. and hit mute on my laptop so I can walk around the house.
Heather Hardin: Oh, yeah. That's awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: It makes it a lot easier.
 
 
00:03:13
 
Heather Hardin: I like that.
Ricky Stebbins: But it this technology is designed to screw us.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And this is part of everyone's case and they don't realize this. I called Google today. I talked to somebody. I'll make this really quick,
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but I talked to somebody today who really pissed me off. I'm like, man, like I got this awesome case. I got this awesome case. I'm doing this. I'm like, "Well, what are you teaching other people to do?" Nothing. Like, you're not helping other people get their cases together so we can fight together. You're only fighting your own battle. Like, I don't want to hear your story if when you're done,
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: you're not going to teach other people how you got your stuff
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: together.
Heather Hardin: Exactly. No, that is uh I have joined a couple of other groups. One that I'm now an admin in. It's called Courtbinder. It's a um a wonderful woman who is putting an app together that will kind of do the same thing like you know take your stories and um help with you know look at this person and and this person and and so anyways I have had some wonderful experiences um but I seen you on one of the chats and you were like giving somebody some grief about something and I Okay.
 
 
00:04:29
 
Heather Hardin: Yeah, I I'm going over here to uh to this chat and see what it's all about. And that's actually how I ended up joining your all's group was because I seen you on there giving somebody grief on. I don't know what they were doing, but they were, you know, it's probably the same thing really because it's, you know, it all kind of goes together after a while. everybody, you know, everybody wants help, but then they don't want to spread awareness and say, you know, let's let's keep this all together and and like what you're doing is awesome. Like you and Ellis are doing like let's keep it together. Let's fight together. Let's get these people um because I've just I'm just so a so cute.
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Heather Hardin: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: she's getting all wacky.
Heather Hardin: yeah. I just I'm oh I'm I'm just so heartbroken over all the
Ricky Stebbins: She's all happy.
Heather Hardin: uh suicides and um I think when all this comes together and they really see how many people how many beautiful parents took their lives because of um these court cases destroyed them because I mean dude I so resonate with Ellis and um when he was sharing his story of grief and depression And like that desperation of I don't have my babies and these people are doing like they're not just trying to take my life, they're trying to destroy my entire world,
 
 
00:05:54
 
Heather Hardin: take my career on top of it, my livelihood. And that's where I was like, you know, I can't be the only one. I know I'm not the only one.
Ricky Stebbins: You're
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: not.
Heather Hardin: So, yeah. Um anyways, however you want to start um I I can start from the very beginning.
Ricky Stebbins: You're cutting in and out a little bit. I can see you talking. So, I don't know if you have bad service.
Heather Hardin: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Mine's plugged in, so I know my service should be good.
Heather Hardin: I might have some spotty service here and there just because of where I'm at. I'm out in the country. I move myself off the grid.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay,
Heather Hardin: And I have satellite
Ricky Stebbins: as long as uh I'll be able to notice most of this because I have closed
Heather Hardin: internet.
Ricky Stebbins: captions playing and then I like to record the audio and I'll send the closed captions
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: back to you. So this way you don't have to keep telling your story to me over and over again.
 
 
00:06:56
 
Ricky Stebbins: will have it in text form.
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And my concern with people is like how do you document your stuff right now?
Heather Hardin: Okay. So, right now, um I just paid $4 and like almost $50 to get my com complete juvenile case. I have three children, two ex-husbands. Um they gained up on me. Um so they call it a companion case and um so I have I just got all of those records. I started scanning them in onto my phone and putting them into my files.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay. And it looked like you could cut off and said you uh you scanned them in, put them in your phone and into your files and then you stopped talking.
Heather Hardin: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: Do you have a landline,
Heather Hardin: Yes. Let me turn off.
Ricky Stebbins: too?
Heather Hardin: No, I'm turning off all my internet. I think it's because my phone is taking up some internet. Let me try that. Usually that works whenever I have like my my uh therapy appointments and stuff.
 
 
00:08:05
 
Heather Hardin: So,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Heather Hardin: see if that helps,
Ricky Stebbins: I just want to make sure that I catch all the details. So most people,
Heather Hardin: right?
Ricky Stebbins: and this is where we're doing it all wrong, we don't have our files on computer. We need a PDF file with a text document and a summary of everything that you're talking about because every time you tell your story, you have to tell the whole story over again and over again. And then somebody asks you, well, where's where's this piece of paper?
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. So, I've been working with individuals. Like,
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I can't I'm going to start teaching classes so people can ask questions and just work on stuff live. But if I don't help you oneon-one, your your paperwork is never going to be good enough to face the courts. And we and we can't fa my court my paperwork's good enough to face the courts,
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but what difference does it make if I get some money back and nothing changes?
 
 
00:09:02
 
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: So, right now I'm talking to like 10 different people and thankfully a lot of them are really good with
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: organizing and using computers, but they didn't know how to organize. So, they're reorganizing their stuff so we can all attack the system together at the same
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: time because this stuff with your exes is by design. Like, it's very upsetting and I know it's super personal to you, but it's not personal. They this is by design because you didn't do anything to deserve
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: this except for being a you
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: cared.
Heather Hardin: Once Yeah. Once you've been in it for three years, you start and I will say the first couple years it was major depression and anxiety and my body shut down um because I was in survival mode. still am at times, but um really within the past six months, I have been able to finally say, "Yes, I'm going to get my juvenile cases. I am going to um put them together.
 
 
00:10:03
 
Heather Hardin: I am going to doc, you know, put all my documentation together." I have great documentation. I My supervisor was my cousin is my cousin. Um she was supervising my visits up until about two months ago um whenever I got every other weekend and joint custody back. Um, but she is a registered nurse as well. And so she documents, she documented everything. I'm talking everything. When the boys came back and said, "Daddy said, "We're never coming home to you, Mommy. You don't love us." All the everything that that was said, she documented time, date, exactly where we were. I have it all. I put it into the courts and nobody, not one person read it. They said it was too much. And then the judge said, "It's too much. I'm not going to read this. This is ridiculous.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's everybody's story. And they did that to me except I did something different than other people did.
Heather Hardin: Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: Somebody accused me of assault.
 
 
00:11:03
 
Ricky Stebbins: And at first I wanted revenge.
Heather Hardin: Oh, wow.
Ricky Stebbins: At first I was sick and I didn't know it. And then my court case dragged on.
Heather Hardin: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: And when I got healthy I'm like, "Why did they accuse me of assault?" It was an ex-girlfriend.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: She accused me of assault because I walked out on her.
Heather Hardin: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: When I gave her my word, I would help her no matter what. But when I got sick, I'm like, "I can't do this anymore. I need a break." And then we got into a fight about it. She's like, "No, you need to do this." I'm like, "I can't. I can't." And I I wasn't thinking straight.
Heather Hardin: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I just needed a break. And it turned into a fight. I'm like, "I'm leaving." And then she called the cops. And then I turned it against the courts. I'm like,
Heather Hardin: right.
Ricky Stebbins: "Why did she say that against me?" And they're like,
 
 
00:11:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: "What do you mean?" Mike, you allowed her disabled son, her nonverbal autistic son to be abused dozens of times, dozens of times, and they were all reported and you ignored it. And now she accused me of assault, and you're you're willing to press charges. What about the people that assaulted her son? And and all of these people are mandated reporters.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Parents don't understand this. Lawyers are mandated reporters. And we're not using this to our advantage. Like we get so caught up in the personal
Heather Hardin: I have tried,
Ricky Stebbins: stuff.
Heather Hardin: right? I have tried. I I understand the the mandated reporter. I am one as well. Um I brought in the abuse. I brought in pictures of the abuse and the only thing the judge was said was I hope this
Ricky Stebbins: All
Heather Hardin: will be investigated by the cabinet.
Ricky Stebbins: right. It stopped.
Heather Hardin: No oversight, no nothing.
Ricky Stebbins: He cut off and he said you got invested by the cabinet.
 
 
00:12:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: No oversight, nothing.
Heather Hardin: She just said, "I hope this is investigated thoroughly." Um, she didn't give any oversight to the cabinet. She didn't, you know, nothing. It was, it was clearly a a large handrint on a 2-year-old's butt. And um, and I had a video of him telling me exactly what happened in his 2-year-old language. So, this again, this all started over an abuse report um because my ex-husband, my second ex-husband um very very physically, emotionally, psychologically abusive. Um you know, you think you're smart enough not to go down that uh but you're
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry.
Heather Hardin: not.
Ricky Stebbins: We're all like that.
Heather Hardin: You know,
Ricky Stebbins: We all are like that.
Heather Hardin: it happens.
Ricky Stebbins: You can't blame yourself. It's not your fault. What do you do? Who do you turn to?
Heather Hardin: Right. Whenever Yeah. I mean, who do you turn to? So, you turn inward and um that's what I did. I turned inward and I survived the best I could.
 
 
00:13:47
 
Heather Hardin: Finally getting into therapy. Um my psychologist documented a whole lot. She documented um a lot of the emotional abuse, a lot of the gaslighting.
Ricky Stebbins: Will you do me a favor? Like, I don't know if you care about this stuff, but I have put my medical records online publicly because all these therapists do is f*** with they f*** with us.
Heather Hardin: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: They try to get us to ignore our problems or downgrade. I'm like, "Oh, don't worry about it so much." And that's what causes all of our health problems, ignoring our problems.
Heather Hardin: Oh, yeah. I will say I Yes. Like I have I I just got all of hers too. I got all of her documentation. Um she diagnosed me with um generalized anxiety disorder and um PTSD. Of course, I was already diagnosed with those things. However, she got to see firsthand and hear firsthand my ex-husband's um abuse emotionally and psychologically. So, she was able to document that. I have it documented um things that was overheard and overseen by her because we were doing tellahalth, you know, that was back whenever everybody was doing tellahalth.
 
 
00:15:02
 
Heather Hardin: Um so,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Heather Hardin: she was she even wrote a letter to the court. She wrote a letter to the court saying, "I am a fit mother. Um I see her every week. um she's not a danger to herself or others. You know, there's no reason for for her children to be out of her uh
Ricky Stebbins: And that's I'm sorry.
Heather Hardin: custody,
Ricky Stebbins: Like that means nothing to me. Her kids got taken away and you handed her a band-aid.
Heather Hardin: right?
Ricky Stebbins: This is why I'm going to be a nasty m***********. Like you gave her a piece of paper and didn't support her and go to court and f****** rage against the machine. You just gave her a piece of paper.
Heather Hardin: She would have, but it would have cost me it would have cost me more than I had because she's
Ricky Stebbins: Why? Why would it cost you?
Heather Hardin: a psychologist.
Ricky Stebbins: So, she's not doing it because she cares.
Heather Hardin: I don't know. She's a psychologist.
 
 
00:15:55
 
Ricky Stebbins: She doesn't care.
Heather Hardin: They cost,
Ricky Stebbins: She's a piece of s***. And we're going to drag her through the f******
Heather Hardin: right?
Ricky Stebbins: mud, too. You want money to get someone's kids back? You piece of f****** s***. It's on. All of these people,
Heather Hardin: Yeah, I mean I agree as
Ricky Stebbins: all these medical professionals are going to pay the price for turning your back on
Heather Hardin: a as a as a registered nurse.
Ricky Stebbins: people.
Heather Hardin: If somebody came to me today and said, "Look, this is what I'm going through. I want you to see it and I want you to tell. I'm there. You don't have to pay me gas money. I'm there because I give a s***. I care." You know, like I I get what you're saying.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Heather Hardin: Um, I do understand what you're saying,
Ricky Stebbins: We have to be there.
Heather Hardin: but it's never been put to me like that.
Ricky Stebbins: We have to be the change.
 
 
00:16:44
 
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: f*** these people. I'm like,
Heather Hardin: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: we don't think about it because we're like,
Heather Hardin: very much.
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh, they tried. They tried." And then I look at you. I'm like, "f*** them. They didn't try. They didn't get your kids back. f*** them." And that's what I'm going to keep saying to them because you can stand there and say nothing.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'll keep asking the questions. And that's what we need to do. Why did you f*** her? Why are her kids unhappy when they want to see her? And nobody likes
Heather Hardin: Now I'm going through Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Heather Hardin: And now I'm going through the um the psychological warfare battle scars of my nine-year-old
Ricky Stebbins: with the axes. Mhm.
Heather Hardin: daughter. They they have manipulated her so much into if you go and live with mommy, you're going to be h unhappy. Your mommy's poor. She can't give you what we give you.
 
 
00:17:41
 
Heather Hardin: She has a locked cabin. She lives in the middle of nowhere. You'll never have anything with your mommy. So now my my nine-year-old daughter,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm
Heather Hardin: they are um we're going through we're doing therapy. I'm trying. I'm trying so hard to
Ricky Stebbins: so sorry you're going through
Heather Hardin: uh But my boys,
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Heather Hardin: man, my boys, it's like they are impaths like me. And they're seven and five. Just turned five and just turned seven in December and January. And they want me. They want to live with me. Mommy, we want to live with you. We want to see daddy on the weekends every other weekends like we do you. We want to. And I said enough said enough. I don't care. I don't care if I lose everything. I'm fighting for them.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Heather Hardin: Like that's just you tell me you want me. You want to live with me.
 
 
00:18:52
 
Heather Hardin: Enough said. That's all you had to say to me. But um so this has been going on for three years. Um U I've had this is the third ECO, the one that actually stuck. The first ECO was taken out um after I married my second ex-husband. I left my first husband for my second husband. Um, he that caused a big riff that caused my first husband to hate me and want me to die. And he told me plenty of times. And I I did apologize to him. Um, you know, after about a year and a half, uh, you know, I finally was like, "Dude, I'm sorry." Like, I am very sorry. But anyways, it didn't matter, right? Um, and he told me, he said, "I know him. I know him personally because they worked together. He got him he was actually his supervisor. My second ex-husband was my first ex-husband's supervisor. So my first ex-husband got him fired for sleeping with Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
 
 
00:20:04
 
Heather Hardin: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: wow.
Heather Hardin: Got him fired and everything. Um so I he told me that he was abusive and that he was going to beat the s*** out of me and that he couldn't wait until he did. He couldn't wait because I deserved it. And um so you know so
Ricky Stebbins: Sorry for that.
Heather Hardin: fast forward about um maybe maybe a year into our marriage. Our marriage didn't last very long um with my second husband Josh. It didn't last very long. Maybe four years at the most I think. Um but anyways um and the majority of that was COVID. though. Um I ended up having a PTSD fugue state. So I have PTSD from um being and and I'm very open with this um being sexually um trafficked within my family, being sexually abused as a child. Um um so I have PTSD from that.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry to hear that.
Heather Hardin: um the you know but it happens so it happens so often but but just people are too ashamed to to speak up and that's why it it allows people to continue to do this and families um families are the number one
 
 
00:21:32
 
Ricky Stebbins: And they make it so much
Heather Hardin: uh you know sexual abuser Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: worse.
Heather Hardin: Yes. So, my cousin that actually abused me, um, he went on to get into, um, he was a co at a jail. I believe it was a jail. And he then got in contact with, um, pedophiles that traded c****************. Um, so after that, at some point he ended up trading it online, getting caught in a sting um, in Jefferson County because I'm in Kentucky. So this is like I think Louisville he got into the sting. Um, so they ended up giving him um, a few years in prison. I can't I can't really even remember how much. I was just kind of like, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." Like, there you go. He's going to jail. He's going to jail for some something, you know, something. And this is going to come out, right? My family's going to have my family isn't going to look at me like I'm crazy.
 
 
00:22:34
 
Heather Hardin: Like, oh, and you know, they were like, well, you all were messing around. You all uh you know what they say, you know, the sick things that they say to kind of write it off.
Ricky Stebbins: They try to blame you for
Heather Hardin: Like, you know, y'all were just They did very much.
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Heather Hardin: They still do. They still do.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry they do
Heather Hardin: Um, they still blame me even though he's Well,
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Heather Hardin: you know what? It's It doesn't bother me anymore. I finally told my dad. My dad was the one person I did not want to find out because of the shame. Um, but when I turned, I don't know, like 30, 29, 29 or something. Um, I told my stepmom and then my aunt was going over to my dad's house all the time crying about my cousin. Um, uh, his name's Travis. Um, being in p jail, not even prison, jail. Um, and my dad was talking to me about it and I finally had enough.
 
 
00:23:41
 
Heather Hardin: And I was like, "Look, Dad, he started this when I was 3 or four years old." And it didn't stop until I was like 9 or 10 or 11. Like, um, so no, she doesn't get to come to you and cry about it. I want you to know. So then he gets out of jail. My grandma dies. My my grandmother dies. he gets out of jail. Um, I'm in this abusive relationship with my second ex-husband. He um I just I had my baby. Um, still in the the post um what's it called?
Ricky Stebbins: Postpartum depression
Heather Hardin: Like the post well,
Ricky Stebbins: stage.
Heather Hardin: I wasn't really depressed. Um, but I always had postpartum anxiety because a lot of abuse um, PTSD abuse survivors, they will they don't just they don't usually that's the difference between postpartum depression. Everybody wants to label it that, but I actually had postpartum anxiety that I was afraid that this was going to happen to my babies. So much so that it was affecting my everyday life.
 
 
00:24:49
 
Heather Hardin: Um, I went into a PTSD fug state. Um, my first ex-husband had already picked up my daughter because it was his night with her. Um, my son was that was just born and my and my first son with Josh. I have two sons with him. He had them. And I also I paid for a nanny because I worked at home at this time. I breastfed. Um, I worked from home. Um, so I ended up leaving the house and walking. And so long story short, um this psychologist says it's a PTSD fugue state. I go to the emergency room because I went uh ended up in in the town. Um and the they called the cops and the cops were like, "You got to go to the hospital and get checked out." And I'm like, "Okay, cool. That's fine. Whatever." Um as I'm coming out of it cuz my dad's there. My dad's finally seeing like how messed up I am because of all this and he's there with me and he's like, "Heather, you got to, you know, and I'm he's like speaking some kind of sense, but I'm still in this fugue state." So,
 
 
00:26:00
 
Heather Hardin: anyways, got to the hospital, they gave me two milligrams of Adavan, did absolutely nothing. Um, if you're a health care professional, you know anything about Adavan, that should have knocked me out. And it did not. I was like a bull in a china shop. like just would not stop pacing. They they had also just started me on a fexer which I don't know if you know what that is but that is an SSNRI. It's a very very strong anti-depressant but they put me on it because of my migraines. I had severe migraines um that was um just debilitating to my quality of life. Um it it it did help but it makes you apathetic. So in the beginning, yeah, so in the beginning stages of a of that kind of strong medication,
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Heather Hardin: you can go into a fugue state because you're rearranging your brain chemistry. Um, so the the ER doctor said it was a fexer um induced manic state. So anyways, I'm trying to hurry up with all this, but that's the first ECO.
 
 
00:27:02
 
Ricky Stebbins: Don't worry.
Heather Hardin: So my um my first ex-husband uh his name is Tommy. He takes out the eco and says, uh, she was found wandering in town without shoes on and, um, she ended up having to go to the hospital. I think she's on drugs. Um, I had, you know, CPS come to my house, uh, drop for me right then and there. Go and drop. Okay, no problem. Like, I'm still breastfeeding my baby. I don't I don't even smoke marijuana. Like, no, there's nothing in my system. I'm literally breastfeeding my baby. So, um I dropped for them. It was all negative. Um I also gave them my screens from my doctor because my doctor screened me because she had just put me on the aexer and colon clonopin for my anxiety. Um and so I had given them a couple of those screens. So, we go into it's all teleaalth because this is during COVID or, you know, right through the pandemic where nobody wants to go in court.
 
 
00:28:11
 
Heather Hardin: Um, I had a badass lawyer. Um, she went straight in and was like, uh, first off, she has clean drug screens. Uh, she has multiple clean drug screens. Second of all, uh we know that this is outrageous and um you all are just trying to get Eva is my daughter's name. Uh you're just trying to get her daughter custody and
Ricky Stebbins: Come All right.
Heather Hardin: um his attorney, which used to be our county attorney where we live, Ruth Holland, which she needs to go down. She's very dirty and corrupt. very she knew what she was doing. She calculated this. She calculated this since I left him. I was called an adulterous w**** and told I was going to hell by her and her friends after I left Tommy. Um, so anyways, um, so it was dismissed because before the judge even gets in to the screen, the Zoom, Tommy's like, "Yeah, I'm not going to win this. Um, I just want Eva in preschool, prechool, third grade preschool, which means I was I was financially uh paying for everything.
 
 
00:29:39
 
Heather Hardin: He was supposed to pay for half. So I was like, "Okay, that's fine. I'll put her back in there. You want her with me less. I get what you're doing." So I'll go ahead and put her back in there, but you're going to pay for half of it. Never paid for a dime. And I put her back in. So um, and the reason I took her out was cuz she didn't want to be in there anymore. She's three years old. She wants to be home with mommy and the babies, you know? She didn't she didn't want to go to a school and sit there for 4 hours a day.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Heather Hardin: And there's no reason for that. So, and I always had a nanny. Um, I always had a nanny throughout this. I paid for that um with my what I was bringing into the household as well. Um, so anyways, so that was the first one. And of course, my ex Josh, my second husband, he was all on board like she is not on drugs.
 
 
00:30:34
 
Heather Hardin: She's had this state like this fugue state and she's not on drugs. So then he is in the midst of this abu I'm in the midst of this abusive relationship with my second ex-husband Josh. Um he then tells me he's leaving because I don't have sex with him anymore. I mean, this gets this gets Listen,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm
Heather Hardin: I wish I would have went well,
Ricky Stebbins: sorry.
Heather Hardin: I wish I would have went to court and actually stood on what this was all about. Actually put it on blast why these people were doing what they're doing, right? Um, so anyways, he tells me he wants a divorce. He thinks I'm cheating on him. We're not having sex, whatever. And I'm like, "Dude, um, whenever you threw me up against the crib and you jerked my baby away from me, um, for the fifth or sixth time, I'm not doing it no more." Like, how do I how do you want to have any kind of uh, intimacy with somebody like that?
 
 
00:31:38
 
Heather Hardin: So, he says, "I'm leaving. You need to pay for the divorce." And I'm like, "Whatever." So, not my first rodeo. Tommy did the same thing. I'm uh, you know, I want you back. He wanted me back, but then I was ended up being pregnant with my my seven-year-old. Um, so I knew that would be a done deal for him. So anyways, I went ahead and paid for that divorce, too. So anyways, um, let me go back to Josh. So he leaves, he moves into a hotel. Um I had the recording of him leaving that day and he's throwing a fit wanting a boys and um just like and then like a roller coaster of like all kinds of psychotic emotions. But um anyways, so then he pursues an ECO in front of Bullet County judge, Judge Meredith. And I again have CPS coming to my house because he at that time I did not know this but he had a girlfriend in um Shephardd'sville and he had moved to Mount Washington so he was kind of closer to her.
 
 
00:32:47
 
Heather Hardin: Um so he had Bullet County so he was he had that district. So anyways um they asked me to drop for them so I dropped for uh drugs for them because again he's coming and saying I'm on drugs. I'm an addict. Um, so I dropped for them and got my uh records from my primary care doctor that was giving me drug tests because that's part of their protocol when you're on um, Clonopen is that you get drug tested um, I think it's quarterly every three months is what it was. So I had like six of them by that time to give to them. Um, I give the CPS worker all of this. She's excellent. The best best CPS worker I could have ever asked for. Of course, it was a short stint with her. So, who knows what have happened if it would have went on. But she, the judge asked her, she said, "Do you feel like that um this woman is a, you know, a liability or danger to her kids? Is she on drugs?" She said,
 
 
00:33:51
 
Heather Hardin: "She dropped for me that day and I have multiple drug screens um from her doctor before that. I do not believe she is on drugs. That judge looked at my ex-husband or my husband at the time, Josh, and said, "If you ever bring her in front of me without facts, you're the one that's going to pay for it." The UCO was not granted. It was dismissed. So then the third one, within two months, I think it was um within like two months, they had been stalking me. And like this has been going on for a while. like they would ride around my house and um Josh especially like he wanted to know who was going in and out cuz I'm still living in the marital home. Um we're fighting a divorce. He wants me out. He wants to sell the house. I want to buy the house but the mortgage is in his name. So we're going through this whole uh divorce in Spencer County back to where the judge, you know, this judge is.
 
 
00:34:51
 
Heather Hardin: Um, so anyways, she ends up telling me that I can buy the house. He has to put all the stuff into my name. He doesn't, he won't. She finally tells me I have to sell it. Um, so before that happened, um, uh, there was a call September 21st of 2022. I got my uh then four-year-old and um two-year-old out of the bathtub and my four-year-old had welps on his the side and back where his kidneys are. And um he said that his daddy had beat him with a rod, a stick, uh whatever his little mind could think, you know, like just something hard and you know.
Ricky Stebbins: Sorry to hear that.
Heather Hardin: Yes. So, I I'm not dumb and I knew that this was going to happen.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Heather Hardin: That's one of the reasons why I did stay. And I I I've had so much guilt about leaving when I did. I should have stuck it out, but um just to protect my boys. Um but anyways, um so I call um I called the dispatch.
 
 
00:36:11
 
Heather Hardin: I said, 'I don't have the on call CPS number. Um, I need somebody out here now. I I need to uh report this. I want an investigation. Like, this is on his where his kidneys are. This is extreme. Like, I know that as a nurse, like, this is going to be serious. And so, the cops come. It was police uh police department and sheriff's department. So, I have body cam footage. Sheriff is the only one that has body cam in Spencer County. They all come there. They know my dad. They know my little brother. Um I did one of them's mom's hair for years. Small town, you know. They all come there. They're And um the one that knew my dad and my little brother and he's close to their age. And um just a young one. And he starts asking co my my son what happened. And my son tells him I was jumped on a trampoline.
 
 
00:37:07
 
Heather Hardin: dad got mad and he uh hit me really really hard with a stick. I have it tell tells him that um I think I had made a couple of like comments um and he said that I was um trying to talk over you know my child things like that. And I'm like, uh, no. I mean, you know, I wasn't trying to talk over him, but I do get very, um, my anxiety was definitely coming out, but not full force. I start rambling. I start wanting them to know every single detail that he told me, which I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to be talking. I mean, he's sitting right here in front of me. So, then they wait for the on call CPS worker to come out from Shelby County. an hour and a half later, almost two hours. And um but mind you, this whole time they're in my home. They're playing with my hamster. They're talking to my kids. They're playing with my kids. They're talking about life and and you know, chumming it up.
 
 
00:38:14
 
Heather Hardin: So then the on call worker gets there. She's pissed off. She had to get out of bed for this um and drive. And of course, Shelby County is not two hours away. Yes. Shelby Shelbyville was probably 30 minutes away from me.
Ricky Stebbins: Who cares about kids safety? Like this supposed to be your job.
Heather Hardin: And it took her almost two.
Ricky Stebbins: Don't you care?
Heather Hardin: This woman I've had plenty of runins since then with her. Uh, this woman does not like her job and she does not care about children. I don't believe in any capacity that she should be a cabinet worker. But anyways, um, so she comes and I guess, you know, they were like, "Well, you might want to talk to him alone cuz the mom is kind of overtalking whenever we're talking. Whatever. I don't care." So, she asked, "Can I talk to him alone?" By all means, that's fine. Takes him in the bedroom. in her investigative report, he said the exact same thing that I said that I had reported that he told me, the exact same thing um that I had on recording and the exact same thing that the police officer wrote down.
 
 
00:39:25
 
Heather Hardin: So anyways, um so then they stood outside my house for like 45 minutes. this, mind you, this is like going on 1:30, one o'clock in the morning. And I'm like, and the and the kids are like, why are they still out there? So, I put the I put the babies to bed. Um, and I went out there and I was like, hey, you all can disperse now. Like, this you all are still here. It's 1:00 in the morning. Like, it's time to disperse. And I wasn't rude or anything, but, you know, I was definitely like, this is my home and I got to put my kids to bed and you're disrupting. like, "Thanks for doing your your job, but now you need to go." So, anyways, um I got on the phone. I called my my friend. I was on the phone. Um and at that time, I smoked cigarettes and and I never smoked around my children. I never smoked in the house. So, I smoked I was outside on the front porch and I was just letting them know what had went on and that I knew.
 
 
00:40:27
 
Heather Hardin: So, this is the whole thing, Tommy. any kind anytime that uh something would happen like it was dispatched because at one one time my ex-husband before he was my ex-husband Josh ran me over while I was trying to get my son out of the truck and he ran me over um on my on my the left side of my
Ricky Stebbins: Let's go.
Heather Hardin: left side of my ankle foot. Um, and my baby told told the officers when they got there cuz Josh called the police. And my baby's like, "Daddy ran over mommy." And I had bruises all over me, but they were a greenish color, greenish yellow. The woman cop looked down at me and said, "I know those aren't from today, so don't even try to lie and say they are." I said, "First off, I never said nothing about these bruises, the bruises that you're commenting on. I've never said anything about those. I said he just ran me over with his truck. And um so anyways, that was relayed to Tommy because whoever Ruth Holland, let me go back to her.
 
 
00:41:35
 
Heather Hardin: This attorney um she has like, you know, the dispatch thing or whatever or I don't know. So they um they rode around my house that time when that happened when uh he called the cops then. So anyway, so fast forward, I'm sitting out there. I'm on the phone. I'm have I'm start I'm like I'm get I'm here comes a panic attack like I'm you know the babies are asleep. Here comes a panic attack. So I'm sitting out there and I call dispatch and I'm like hey you all need to send another car over here. Um, like they've stalked me before uh not too long ago actually within the last couple of weeks. They ride by my house all the time. And now that I've called this in, he's definitely coming tonight. Like this is how crazy he is. He's coming tonight. And um at one point there was like a truck, a white truck, white work truck, like he would have drove um that came past probably the neighbor, but I freaked out.
 
 
00:42:42
 
Heather Hardin: Um I called him again. I think I called him twice. I called him again because this was in like within like 30 minutes like nobody's out here. I'm pretty sure he just rode by like somebody come out here. Um, I'm not I, you know, I'm I'm not a big drinker. I drank um every once in a while with him. He would drink a 30 pack a night. He was definitely an alcoholic. Um, when he left, he left like two or three beers in the refrigerator. Um, and mind you, he had left like probably three months before this. So, for three months, there's these two or three beers in my refrigerator. So, I grab one out. I'm like, I'm not going to take a clipopin. It's going to make me feel like crap tomorrow. I'm just going to drink a little bit at, you know, a couple drinks of beer, whatever. You know, don't have no wine. Going to drink a couple drinks.
 
 
00:43:32
 
Heather Hardin: So, they come back and when they come back, the one that took the statement knows my dad um and my little brother, he's pissed off because he has to come back. And he's um he's like, "Why are we here?" I was like, "Well, I'm pretty sure I've seen a white work truck. It looks like Josh is like you don't know how crazy he is. I do. Like he has told me there he's from southeastern Kentucky. He knows and he has told me plenty of times he knows where to hide bodies where nobody can find them. Um I don't take that lightly because I know that man and I know you know how evil he can be. So anyways, the cops like well are you drinking? I And I wasn't trying to hide it at all. I had I was on my front porch and the the Bud Light can was right there and he was like, "Well, you're belligerent." Or maybe he didn't use that exactly that term,
Ricky Stebbins: Don't twist your
Heather Hardin: but he's like, "You're drunk." And I said,
 
 
00:44:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: words.
Heather Hardin: "Right." I was like, "Um, dude, you just left here not even an hour ago. Actually, like 30, 45 minutes ago. How How am I drunk?" Like, you were in my house for three hours. three and a half hours. So, I told I I I got pissed off. I started yelling at him. Um he's yelling at me and I say, "I want a I want a breathalyzer. I want a breathalyzer now. If you're going to accuse me of being drunk, I want a breathalyzer." Because I already knew I already knew this was going to be bad. I I just knew it. I had a feeling. So, I asked for a breathalyzer four times in that body cam footage. At no point was I slurring my words, acting belligerent. Um, you can definitely tell I was in panic mode, but nothing like she's a drunk and need and and incapacitated to the point where she can't care for her children um at all.
 
 
00:45:33
 
Heather Hardin: And so he's like, I know your dad. Let me call your dad. And I'm like, dude, it's 3:00 in the morning. He's sleeping. He's like, well, let me just call him just so he can come over here and calm you down. He calls my dad. He tells my dad to come over. She's having an anxiety attack and she says that you help her through them, which he does. Um, so he came over. He stayed for about 45 minutes. Seeing that, you know, I had my dad, my anxiety started calming down. Um, he stayed, like I said, 45 minutes. He left. That police officer reported that he told my dad if he did not come, he was going to be forced to take the children out of that house that night. My dad blew that up in court. Was like, "No." So anyways, um the next morning I took Eva to school cuz um it was my my morning. So I took her to school.
 
 
00:46:28
 
Heather Hardin: She's in kindergarten at this time. This is in 2022. Yes, she's in kindergarten. Um, so I take her, walk her over to the school. I come back uh to work to start working and the boys are still sleeping. The babysitter was there cuz she always got there in the morning so that I could take Eva to school and not have to wake up the boys. So, um, I get a knock at the door. It's a sheriff. Tommy and his new wife called in a welfare check because they had already heard that cops were called the night before to my house. And again, I think that traces back to his attorney, which was the old county attorney, Ruth Holland. Um, anytime like they don't get called a lot, but when they're called, I'm getting welfare checks and ECOs's on me. So then um after Eva gets out of school, I pick her up and the sheriff comes with a piece of paper signed by the judge and says, "This is an eco. We need your kids.
 
 
00:47:39
 
Heather Hardin: The dads are around the corner. We're going to take them to them." And I'm like, "Wait, what?" Like, "What are you talking about?" So he says, "You can do it the easy way or the hard way." So, um, my daughter and the baby, they kind of just like, okay, like we see that this is something that we have to do. Um, they falling, you know, following what they say. No, my son, my now seven-year-old, he was four at the time. He's running. He's hiding. He's like, "Hell no, y'all ain't taking me from my mama. Hell no." So, he goes and hides. And then the sheriff's like, "Okay, well, we can do this the hard way or the easy way. you can get him to comply and to come with us or I'm going to have to get him. And I was like, you ain't touching my kid. So I'm like,
Ricky Stebbins: All parents should feel like that. But you're not touching her kid.
 
 
00:48:30
 
Heather Hardin: come on.
Ricky Stebbins: Like that's not my son, but I'm going to f*** you up if you touch her kid. Like, sorry officer. We're going to have to do this in front of thousands of people now. You're not You're never going to do this behind closed doors ever again because that's how they get away with
Heather Hardin: And uh you know that is exactly and afterwards I was like why I
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Heather Hardin: guess I was just so thrown off that again there is a third ECO out within a year and now the judges signed off. How did the judge sign off on this?
Ricky Stebbins: It's a joke because you're dealing with
Heather Hardin: Like how did the judge sign off?
Ricky Stebbins: liars.
Heather Hardin: Yes. So they had to has have like an exparte meeting which I have no records of. Um, that's what I'm getting into now is the nitty-gritty of how did that eco order get signed? Why was I not allowed to speak and tell my side? Um, or show them proof that I was not drunk or even get the body cam footage before this.
 
 
00:49:28
 
Ricky Stebbins: You know why?
Heather Hardin: So, anyways.
Ricky Stebbins: You know why they're
Heather Hardin: Yes, I know why now. I know why now. So,
Ricky Stebbins: liars.
Heather Hardin: then the the next day, let's see. No, the 26th. So, September 26th. So, they take them on the 22nd. The 26th is a Monday of family court. I go in, I have a courtappointed attorney appointed to me already and um I don't know her. And I'm like, I've already been through this twice and they were both dismissed. I don't need you. And she said, "Yes, you do. And you don't need to allow this to go on. You need to ask for a hearing. You don't need to let this motion hour go on because if you do, they're going to allow hearsay." And I was like, "No." I was so stupid. I was like, "No, this they've done this twice and they've not gotten away with it. They're not going to get away with it this time." She said,
 
 
00:50:19
 
Heather Hardin: "Okay, I'll do my best." They allowed hearsay. The police officer completely changed his story. the sheriff, the these young sheriff guy changed his story, which is actually my cousin, by the way,
Ricky Stebbins: You know, that's this is good for them.
Heather Hardin: that took one of my other
Ricky Stebbins: Karma is a b**** and they didn't think we'd come
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: back.
Heather Hardin: Right. So, um they're like, she called the cops like 10 times. She called dispatch like 10 times. And so the judge is like, "Well, are you all going to press charges on her?" Like, she wanted them to. You could tell. And the sheriff was like, "No, we're not going to." Because there was no 10 phone calls made to dispatch. There was two. I had the records. I got the records. There was not. Um, but it's here saying now it's out there. Heather's drunk is she's calling the cops. Um, so the judge told me to leave um when I left that I needed to to go do urine and hair for drugs and alcohol.
 
 
00:51:32
 
Heather Hardin: And um if I didn't, I would uh be held in contempt and go to jail. So I left there there called my mom. She maxed out her credit cards cuz the hair follicle and urine that I had to do, I had to go all the way into Louisville and um it was like almost $500. So that's just the beginning of this.
Ricky Stebbins: I believe
Heather Hardin: I was supposed to have my right.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Heather Hardin: This was just the beginning. So I was supposed to have my adjudication within 60 days I believe it is or 30 days. Um, she sets it, then they do all these claims, false allegations, send me, um, I have my kids for four hours supervised by my cousin at the house. Um, and the CPS worker, um, oh, I had to get out of Spencer County CPS because they both left. They both quit and they were pieces of crap anyway. like they um were just doing all these frivolous claims against me like allegations like saying I called my dad drunk on a Friday night.
 
 
00:52:38
 
Heather Hardin: My dad had to get AT&T records and show that I hadn't even called him that Friday. Actually, I hadn't called him that week at all. Um that this was just uh false allegations coming from the other side. And so they hated me. They never gave me a case plan. Um Spencer County never did. So then they send me to Anderson County and Anderson County CPS is like, I just I see this for what it is. This is a horrible divorce and this is going to go on for a while, but I don't see this as neglect. Because that's what they were trying to get me on is neglect. Um, and so anyways, she even I they made me do a forensic uh parent parenting assessment, a SAS, which is a substance abuse risk assessment. Um, all that came back was uh I wasn't I I wasn't addicted to any substances. However, I could have used marijuana when I was a teenager. Um, but I wasn't addicted to any substances.
 
 
00:53:47
 
Heather Hardin: Um, and that I needed PCIT, which is parent child inter interaction therapy. It's a very in-depth therapy. Um, with my son that was four years old when they took him. Mind you, they keep sending me back and forth to this butterfly house in Shubbyville where I'm only getting one hour with my children and I'm paying $40 a visit once a week to see them for one hour. and you're telling me that my kid's stained offish in your 30 minute assessment and I need PCIT, which now after researching all this, I should have never allowed that to even go on because my children had been separated for me from me for over a year and I'm only seeing them for one hour. Um, then they would let them come back, let me do supervised visits at the house for four hours. Then they would find something. I I had a a birthday party and had other kids there. I'm not spending time with them. I had Christmas and I had um I I had gotten a this guy that I was seeing and I let you know we all celebrated Christmas together with his kids.
 
 
00:54:50
 
Heather Hardin: His kids are about the same age. They're like, "She's not spending time with her kids, so let's send her back to the butterfly house." So, um all this went on back and forth, back and forth. November 14th of 2024, I final finally get to my adjudication. I was adjudicated innocent within 58 minutes. It was a full day hearing and within 58 minutes, not even having to take the stand, the judge says sadly, very sadly to the uh to the dads and their and their attorney, Ruth Holland, "I'm sorry. I'm going to have to adjudicate uh this case. Uh case dismiss, adjudicate innocent. You've not met your burden of proof." Like, she was so sad for them. And I was like,
Ricky Stebbins: The courts are
Heather Hardin: I never I right.
Ricky Stebbins: disgusting.
Heather Hardin: So I have the guardian medium is even more disgusting. Um he w he hated me from the beginning. He him and Ruth had some kind of like I'm telling you. Um even the new county attorney was like, "She don't need to go to back to the butterfly house. Let her have her kids." Judge looked at him and said,
 
 
00:56:00
 
Heather Hardin: "Did I ask you if she should have her kids?" that is not the question I asked you. And the county attorney shut up. He was just like, "Oh, okay." Like she snapped at him because even he was like, "Uh, there's no reason for all this." Um, so yes. So now she's made it making us mediate. I mediated the first time two months ago. The judge uh that mediated said, "I'm sorry. Whether it's your fault or not, you haven't had your kids in three years." Um I was only getting them for eight hours every other weekend supervised um until then. So he's like they want to do six months every other weekend and supervise and I said no I'll do three months. Shouldn't have done that but I did three months. So now in March we're supposed to remediate. However, uh the more I've learned with everything, um there's going to be some difference. Um the mediation isn't going to quite go uh the way that they foresee.
 
 
00:57:04
 
Heather Hardin: Um and I'm trying to get my attorney to file motions.
Ricky Stebbins: Wait,
Heather Hardin: I'm on the Kentucky Abuse Registry.
Ricky Stebbins: you have an attorney right now?
Heather Hardin: Yes, I do have an attorney.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to talk.
Heather Hardin: Um he He's not helping
Ricky Stebbins: He's not helping you. He's lying to you. And I can prove
Heather Hardin: me.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Heather Hardin: He's not helping me. I I can't I Listen, it took me three weeks. I I gave him five motions.
Ricky Stebbins: We don't need him.
Heather Hardin: I gave him child support, right? Like I gave him a child support motion to stop child support because I told Ellis, I said, "Dude, I'm paying like $1,500 for two my just my two boys." Uh they lied and said I'm making like $98,000. Dude, I'm not. I'm on the Kentucky abuse registry, which means I'm limited in in my work now as a nurse. Um, I'm only being able to do contract positions. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: We're gonna get them.
 
 
00:57:53
 
Heather Hardin: I need off that registry. Yes, I need off that registry.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm a felon and I left it on my record and I wear it as a badge of honor now because these
Heather Hardin: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: companies hate me. Like, you're a felon. What happened? Like, oh, these people tampered with evidence. Well, why didn't you get it taken care of? Because I want to talk to you about how they tap tampered with all this evidence.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want a non-disclosure act. I'm going to share it with you.
Heather Hardin: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I get that, but for my livelihood, I do need to get off that Kentucky abuse registry.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Well, we're going to get rid of all this
Heather Hardin: Um because anytime Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: garbage.
Heather Hardin: Anytime I try to get a job, like, so this is a contract for six months. The last one I was working on is a contract for six months. So, at any point that contract ends, I'm screwed because the online just doing utilization management, what I do, they don't do a Kentucky abuse registry.
 
 
00:58:52
 
Heather Hardin: But if I go to the hospital, if I go to the psych units, if I go back to the prison, because I worked in the prison, I worked in the jails, I worked as a psych nurse for a long, long time. Um, I have lost many jobs uh because of this.
Ricky Stebbins: Do
Heather Hardin: I have um gotten offers rescended because I'm on the this Kentucky abuse registry. I've worked at Wendy's drive-thru.
Ricky Stebbins: you know why you're on this?
Heather Hardin: I've worked at a gas
Ricky Stebbins: Do you know why you're on this registry?
Heather Hardin: station.
Ricky Stebbins: I can tell you why you're on the
Heather Hardin: Well, because because my previous attorney that I still owe 10 grand to and I'm not paying
Ricky Stebbins: registry.
Heather Hardin: him, he was supposed to keep up with my appeal process,
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Heather Hardin: which is telling them every two months
Ricky Stebbins: that's not why that's not why you're on the registry. Because you keep speaking up and you you're willing to tell the truth and you keep speaking up and they're like,
 
 
00:59:33
 
Heather Hardin: Why?
Ricky Stebbins: "We got to shut this woman up." They found a way to shut you up and ruin your
Heather Hardin: Oh, yeah. The Yeah, the judge. Yeah, that's I mean,
Ricky Stebbins: job.
Heather Hardin: yeah, the judge even said, "I don't believe she's on this. You're not supposed to be on it. If you're adjudicated innocent, the cabinet is is not have any right to put you on it." So they and I've
Ricky Stebbins: See, all a
Heather Hardin: appealed I have told them I've told the cabinet I've sent them my adjudication
Ricky Stebbins: joke.
Heather Hardin: records. They won't do s***. They're keeping me on it.
Ricky Stebbins: That's what your fellow citizens are for.
Heather Hardin: So um right. And I also am um I'm also filing contempt charges. They are putting air tags. Um they're making they they've sewed them into my daughter's clothing in our ponytail holders. Um, they send her with an iPhone that's completely blocked out to where I cannot turn location services off. Um, they're stalking all this.
 
 
01:00:37
 
Heather Hardin: Yes. So, I have contempt motions. Um, but my my attorney, I call him every single day except for today. I didn't call him today. I got I was busy. But, uh, I called him Friday. I called him yesterday. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: We need to start emailing them.
Heather Hardin: yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Don't call them
Heather Hardin: I he's I need him.
Ricky Stebbins: anymore.
Heather Hardin: That's what I figured. So, I did email him yesterday and I was like, "Hey, I need we need to get this ball rolling. Like, we have contempt charges that I I sent you to file. I wrote the motions myself for him to file." And he's like telling me, "Well, a couple of your stat your statute statute codes, penal codes,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Heather Hardin: whatever I was using wasn't exactly correct." And that's where chat GPT
Ricky Stebbins: So correct.
Heather Hardin: sometimes messes us up a little bit there. Um, so my mom bought me that black uh dictionary, black wall dictionary.
 
 
01:01:27
 
Heather Hardin: She's sending it to me. Um, but yeah, so he was just like, you know, I need to go over this and rearrange this pretty
Ricky Stebbins: Man,
Heather Hardin: much.
Ricky Stebbins: what's your You know, I I have to go in a minute, but I would love to talk to your lawyer.
Heather Hardin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, I know you're trying to f*** her and I'm from Massachusetts and just wait. If you f*** her anymore, we're coming to Kentucky and you're going to end up in f****** prison for the rest of your life in a f****** hole. But you know what's going on. You have a chance to change something right the f*** now with us. If you stand with the enemy, you're going down.
Heather Hardin: He told me when I when I told him that I had already wrote CASA, which is this uh organization that's funded by our um pediatric hospital here in Louisville, um they are not professionals in any capacity, but um I told them that they overstepped. They uh reached beyond their scope and I'm suing them.
 
 
01:02:24
 
Heather Hardin: I I want to sue them. And um so anyways, they only admitted to one part of it. Um, but so I told him I I said, "I'm suing them. I'm suing the s*** out of them and I'm going after CPS, too. Um, I have documentation that the CPS worker put in here that this was a high conflict custody, a high conflict divorce case, not an abuse or neglect dependency case." So, anyways, I know you got to go. Um, he said,
Ricky Stebbins: You can make another appointment too. We can talk
Heather Hardin: "Don't please don't sue me." Yeah. I mean,
Ricky Stebbins: again.
Heather Hardin: yeah. So far, I haven't even gotten to the good part of them telling me that my last hair follicle was b******* because I colored my hair. So, I went and had to spend $800 for
Ricky Stebbins: It's all about money and nickel and diamond you and they hope you give up.
Heather Hardin: that. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why I'm like no.
Heather Hardin: Yes.
 
 
01:03:20
 
Heather Hardin: They're they they thought that taking my kids would kill me. They think they thought taking my children would kill me. um leave me destitute and I would take my own life. I know it and I'm not stupid. Um but they didn't realize that they they made a
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, they unleashed the beast in all of us.
Heather Hardin: beast.
Ricky Stebbins: And now I'm just trying to be calm because I want to f*** people up. I'm ready to hurt people. I'm angry as hell and I want other people to be angry.
Heather Hardin: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: Don't calm down. Tell me your story. Tell me how f****** pissed you are and then we're going to use it against them.
Heather Hardin: That sounds great. Yeah, I think we should I think we should probably talk again because I don't even think we've gotten to too too much of the the meat and grits of uh of what's been going on since I was adjudicated innocent and still don't have my
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, this is maddening.
 
 
01:04:08
 
Heather Hardin: children.
Ricky Stebbins: And I want to and I'll send you a copy of this transcript, too, so you can send it to your AI so we can start getting dates so you can start summarizing everything because this isn't that bad.
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: You've got three years. Some people have like five years or 10 years of thousands and thousands of papers and then
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: we'll we'll find out what we need to focus on because we don't need everything because your story matches other people. So,
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: we need specific information from everybody and your story to hold it all together.
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Heather Hardin: Okay. That sounds good.
Ricky Stebbins: it was great talking with you,
Heather Hardin: And like I said,
Ricky Stebbins: Heather.
Heather Hardin: I have Yeah, I have everything right here. So, anything you need me to upload, I can upload, too. My documents. So,
Ricky Stebbins: And and once we figure out how you have it arranged,
Heather Hardin: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll tell you how to arrange new new things so you can share it on a Google Drive with us with me and Ellis so we can make sure because whatever chat GPT misses,
 
 
01:05:01
 
Heather Hardin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: we need other AI to verify things and your what your lawyer says.
Heather Hardin: Yes. And that's something else. I told Ellis I was able to fill out two of the Google Docs that was sent in that chat, but because of my horrible service here, especially once I'm done working because that kind of takes all the internet, it just sucks it. Um, so like in the evenings, it's it is hit or miss. So I was able to do like two of them but not the rest of them.
Ricky Stebbins: Are those his forms or my forms?
Heather Hardin: So um so yeah I mean that's yeah the
Ricky Stebbins: I filled out forms for
Heather Hardin: ones okay one was maybe
Ricky Stebbins: personal.
Heather Hardin: CPS one was CPS and one was something else I can't maybe
Ricky Stebbins: No, I don't focus on any of that because I want to focus on the stories.
Heather Hardin: something else I can't
Ricky Stebbins: Like tonight you told me a story. I didn't ask you for specific paperwork cuz how does that like if I show you,
 
 
01:05:52
 
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: oh my god, this is the paper you need, but why do why do you need it? I need to explain why this stuff is important. I'm not just going to tell you stuff.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to teach you what I'm doing and how you can use it so you're not walking into court confused. Well, Ricky said this like, no, you know what 2 plus two is. I'm going to teach you. I'm not telling you do this and it's going to work out because that's not going to help you.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: What if it doesn't work out? You need to have a backup plan.
Heather Hardin: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And we're going to make sure you have a backup plan, too.
Heather Hardin: Yes. Okay. Perfect. That sounds great.
Ricky Stebbins: What's
Heather Hardin: Okay. Well, I will go ahead and I'll set up another meeting with you then so we can maybe um finish it up and then
Ricky Stebbins: up?
Heather Hardin: maybe you can give me some uh pointers on how to to set everything up and and get prepared and and my next step is fighting for c I'm fighting for my boys.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And that's that's our goal to get your boys
Heather Hardin: I'm not going Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: back.
Heather Hardin: I I'm not going to uh mediate with them on my boys.
Ricky Stebbins: No, not anymore. They had their chance.
Heather Hardin: I'm not doing it. Nope. Yep. All right.
 
 
Transcription ended after 01:07:10

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
