 THE SEARCH FOR OUR DAUGHTER

TAMMY M. LYNDS

On July 22, 1994 at 12:30 A.M. Tammy snuck out of the house. Just after

having a conversation with her sister about what was going on that night. Here follows the story of events that starts with her talk with her sister to the time she was finally

found November 4, 1994, along Fox Road.

July 22, 1994

time: 12:00 - 12:20

Tammy

was telling

her sister that she had to go out to meet her friend Ricky Stebbins in the woods which is located at the south end of the new Arnold Street. The location is the sand

pit which is used by neighborhood kids as a hangout. Tammy, before preparing to leave, around 10:00 P.M. of July

21, 1994 she went to wake me up from my chair in the living

eto ake me up room. I woke up enough to walk to the bedroom, get ready for

bed, then go to bed. Before Tammy left she informed Allison that she would be back home at 3:00 A.M. to tell her what this was all about. Why she had to go out to meet Ricky and be there before 1:00 A.M. Tammy said that Ricky would be very angry if she was not there on time to meet him, I'm already running late, I have to hurry up and get out of here! She told Allison to go to bed and she

would wake her up when she got back. While Allison was standing on the stairs to the second floor Tammy went out the front door of the house. Tammy could not unlock the gate located on the North side of the yard because she had the wrong gate key. She came back in the front door, went back up stairs to her room, where Allison had quickly ran back to and got into bed, she looked for the correct gate key and left again out the front door. When she went out this time she left the door open because she did not bring a house key

with her to get back in. When Tammy was unlocking the gate Allison was watching her through the window at the bottom of the stairs. While Tammy was looking back at the window, Allison had noticed two guys standing around the small storage box in the neighbors yard which is next to the gate. Allison had noticed that the two guys had on baseball caps. One was colored black and the other

was colored white. Tammy then went out of the neighbors yard and headed South on Lamont Street. Allison saw that the two guys also went out onto Lamont Street and stood out in front of the neighbors house watching Tammy walk down the street. Allison then went to her

bedroom window facing Lamont Street to watch Tammy go down the street. Tammy gave signals back to Allison telling her that she will be back. Allison stayed at the window until Tammy was out of sight down Lamont Street. The two guys did not follow Tammy down Lamont Street during the time that Allison was at

the window. Allison then went to bed.

July 22, 1994

time: 6:00 - 6:15 A.M. My wife, Susan, when entering our living room happen to look

towards our front door and saw that it was open about a foot.

She then ran up stairs to our kids rooms to see who was where. At the top of the stairs she saw that Joshua door was closed so she went straight to the girls room. When she went in she saw that Tammy was not in her bed. Her night gown was laid neatly on top of her bed and the bed was open like she had slept in it. Susan then went to Joshua's room and woke him up. She asked him if he knew where Tammy was, because she was missing from her bed. Joshua was surprised to hear that Tammy was not in the house. Joshua was asked by Susan did Tammy tell you anything

about her leaving the house. The front door was left open, if

asked by su she didn't say anything to you, could

she have said anything to Allison? Joshua did not know. That's when Joshua jumped out of bed and followed Susan to wake up Allison. Susan very slowly woke up Allison to ask her "Do you know where Tammy is or where she went." Susan explained that Tammy's night gown is on her bed and if you knew where Tammy had gone to? Allison then

answered "Yes". She told Allison that the front door was open. Did Tammy leave it open? "Yes" Allison said so she could get back into the house. Susan then asked Allison when was the last time she talked to Tammy. Allison said, "Last night." About what time was it? Allison said "Between 12:00 and 12:30." She

then started to tell her about the night before which I

•have

already written earlier between the times of 12:00 - 12:20.

July 22,

: 1994

time : 6:15 - 8:40 Susan went back down stairs to try to call me at work. All she could get was the company answering machine. She then called

Linda Stebbins house to find out if Ricky was home and in bed.

Linda said he was and Susan told her to go check to make sure. Also ask him if he had seen or talked to Tammy last night. She came back and said he was still in bed asleep but he said to her, "No, I dia

not see her, but she was supposed to call me

she didn't." Susan told

Linda that Allison said that Tammy was supposed to meet Ricky last night around 1:00 A.M. and now

Tammy was not at home and is missing. Susan then tried to call my work and again, all she could get was the answering machine. She then called

her mother. After talking to her mother, she quickly came over to our house to be with Susan. Once her mother got there, she told and showed her everything she knew about Tammy being missing. While

explaining this to her mother, she kept on calling my work.

At about 8:00 she finally she

got through to me and explained as best she could what was happening. I asked her if she had called the police yet? She said "No, not until I talked to you first. Should I call the police now? I said, "Yes, and I will head

straight home."

July 22, 1994

time: 8:40 - 9:00 A.M. A police officer arrived at our house and started to ask my Wife about Tammy being missing. Susan explained everything that I have listed earlier in this affidavit. The police officer then started to fill out a Police Incident Report #106382 dated

7-22-94, time 0840, reporting unit #B-13, Type of incident

MISSING

PERSON, victim Tammy M. Lynds. Before the officer would put Tammy down as a missing person the officer said that he vas going to put it as a run away person. Susan said. "Don'+

you dare put it down as a run away. She is missing!"

The officer then decided to agree with Susan and put down on the report

as a missing person.

July 22, 1994

time : 9:30 - late evening Once I arrived home we tried to figure out where she may be. we started by calling all of her friends, which no one knew anything about Tammy being missing or possibly, according to the police, gone to spend some time with her friends

to get away from home. We then started to hunt through Tammy's filing cabinet where she kept her personal letters and diaries. I found two diaries and a large pad of notes which included her last entry from July 15,1994. This is what was said by Tammy per

her notes on July 15, 1994.

"On today at 12:00 A.M. I did something I would have not done without a dare. At 8:00 P.M. 7/14 my boyfriend wanted me to come over and play the game Dare with him. At first he asked me what kind of Dare, I would do over his house, with him. Then he Dared me to come over his house that night. Which means I had to sneak out of the house and go over his house and sneak in his room. I said OK. I'll do it. So, at 12:00 I got dressed up to go over his house, then I snuck down stairs to the front door, while my father was sleeping in the love seats, and while my mother and sister were awake in my parents room. I snuck out the front door and through the yard and down the street, but when I was going past the first bar, I had a man start following me, I booked. When I got to his house he let me in and he covered the window. Then he asked me if I wanted to do the dares. I said No, not now. He said OK. (2:00 A.M.) Well I kiss him good-bye and asked him to call

me when he gets home today from his cousins. So I left, but while I was going home

I had to pass by both bars. When

50. Lent 1 bat

I was going by the second bar coming from my house, a guy started calling me and following

me to, but I booked.

When I got home I snuck in and went to

bed because I had school in 3 hours. So I slept well, but when 7 A.M. came around I got up, got dressed for school, to school half awake and half asleep. Then came home went to

halt as eres

then went

sleep for 3 to 5 hours. Then woke up and baby-sat for my parents. 

rest of the day I watched IV."Joing out with my mother. The

July 23, 1994

time: 12:00 - 5:00

I started

I to search the woods at the south end of the new Arnold

Street. All the way to the end of the trail that ends at the

"S" turn on Grayson Drive, just below the end of Spear Road. I then walked back home along Spear Road and back along the street to our house. I then decided to check in the woods next to Unclaimed Freight, between Arnold and Gilbert Street up to where the woods come out to Boston Road. After this I went back home for lunch and then I went to the woods that are behind

John and Joes bar and next to K-Mart, this time I took my car. July 25,

1994

time : 7:00 - 1:00 I decided to stay home so maybe, by what I was told by the police, if she had run away I could possibly confront her when she came back home to get some clothing and the rest of her personal items that she dia not take with her. I parked my car

over at the OLSH parking lot so it looked like no one was home.

But of course she never came home.

July 25, 1994

time: 1:00 - 4:00 After my wife came home from work I called the Youth Aid Bureau to inform them that I found a lot of notes and diaries and phone

numbers of Tammy's.

A officer told me to make copies of all of the material and he would send someone to pick it up. I took all of this info and made copies. After Allison came back home I asked her again where Tammy said she was going. This time I took Allison with me to Grayson Drive in our van and parked it at the end of Duffy Lane. We both went along the top of the bank along Grayson Drive from the south towards the north. We got to where the bank ends and went down the bank towards the

brook. Then we headed south again on the trail next to the brook. When the trail got to an end we went straight up the bank, which

put us out around the bend on Grayson Drive south of the van. (What I didn't know was that we were just 300 feet away from

where Tammy was found along Fox Road.) We then both headed home.

July 26,1994

time :

3:24

I called

the police from my job. I was transferred to the Youth Aid Bureau. I explained that our daughter Tammy was missing from our house and she had disappeared late Thursday night around midnight. The officer asked me a couple of other questions which included

the question of how old Tammy is. I informed him that she is 15 years old. The officer said, "well because of her age, being 15, we consider that she has run away. If she was younger, around 10, we would consider this as a missing persons." I explained again how we had found the front door and also that

Tammy had told her younger sister where she was going and who she was going to see that night. But still the officer could

only file this as a run away not as a missing person.

July 26 -July 29, 1994 On one of these days I went over to Ricky Stebbins house to ask him about Tammy going over to his house in the late evening of July 14 to the early morning of July 15, 1994. also about her meeting him in the woods in the late evening of July 21 to the early morning of July 22, 1994. Ricky said that neither of these things happened and that he had not seen her for a couple of days. He said this while his mother was standing in their front door. Ricky stood out on the front steps while we were talking about Tammy being missing. He said he knew nothing

about it. I then went back home.

July 26 - August 26, 1994 My wife and I constantly called the Youth Aid Bureau with any new information and we would also ask if they had heard anything

yet.

August 3, 1994

time : 11:37 From my job I called the Massachusetts State Police. I asked them if they could help in searching for our missing

daughter. He asked me if this happened near a highway. I said "No." He said "Because it did not happen near a highway, they couldn't

help us and we would have to deal with the local police.

August 26, 1994

time: 2:44

I called

from work to the Crime Prevention Bureau and they told

me to call the Youth Aid Bureau.

Sept. 2, 1994

time : 4:31 I called Channel 22, after Susan called and told me about the trouble she and her mother had at Channel 40. I told them about Tammy being missing and that we have had no help from the Springfield police, in trying to find her. They came over at

7:00 to do the interview. It was aired at 11:00 news.

Sept. 3, 1994

Channel 22 called back to get permission to do a follow-up interview about Tammy being missing. They came over and they

aired this interview on the 5:00 and 11:00 news.

Sept. 6, 1994

time: Morning Officer Taylor called our house and talked to my wife and asked her if she knew the officers name that picked up the paperwork from us. At this point my wife got very mad and asked why are you asking me this question now? Susan, after talking to officer Taylor, called me at work and asked me what is going on. Why

are they asking us these questions now when it has been 6 weeks since Tammy had been missing.

sept.6,1994

time : 3:10 I finally talked to officer Taylor who is in charge of missing and run away people. I asked him if he had heard anything about our daughter Tammy being missing. He informed me that this was the first he had heard about our daughter and there was no file yet in his office on her. After a few words with him, he said he would find out what happened with the paperwork that a police officer had picked up at our house on July 25, 1994. Officer Taylor called me back and told me that the papers that we gave a officer on July 25, 1994 had not been given to him, but he found them that day and he started the file on Tammy. I called

officer Taylor from my work.

Sept. 4 - Oct. 28, 1994 Susan kept up with putting the posters that she had made, up in area stores, restaurants, truck stops. We even had a couple

of truckers take them across country.

Nov. 4, 1994

We missed seeing the news about a body being found on Fox Road. I saw the article in Saturday, Nov. 5 1994 newspaper, but thought

nothing of it.

Nov. 6, 1994

time :

8:00 - 9:00 Our niece, April called and asked Susan if she heard about a body that was found on Fox Road, Nov. 4, 1994. Susan started

to worry and wrote this info down in her note book.

Nov. 6, 1994

time : 9:00 - 10:30 A police officer called us to ask a lot of questions including what Tammy was wearing, to update their computers. This started

us to worry, what's going on?

Nov. 7, 1994

time :

8:01 I called the Youth Aid Bureau about if someone from their department called us on Nov. 6, 1994. Officer Taylor said "No." Because the only one that was on that day was a woman. Also

we wouldn't ask question like what that person had asked you. He then told me to hold on. That's when his supervisor got on the phone an asked me what was said that Sunday. After I told him the story he said that most likely it was a prank phone call and don't worry about it, just try to ignore it. The next

time someone calls like this to ask for their phone number.

Nov. 7, 1994

time :

8:05 A detective called me from the Springfield police department

and asked both Susan and I to come down to the police station. I asked them to go to Westfield to pick up Susan to be brought

back to Springfield.

Nov. 7, 1994 I calied susan at Edwards to inform her that the Springfield police were coming to bring her back to Springfield. I told

her that I would meet her there.

Nov. 10, 1994 We recieved a phone call from the medical examinor stating that, from dental records, the person they found was positivly our

daughter Tammy. At this time I informed all of our families. I also informed the news media, since they had been calling me for information starting from Nov. 7, 1994. Later that afternoon D.A. Bennett called to give his condolences and to tell us that everything that is possible will be done to come up with answers and results to this case. He also said that he will call to let us know what is happening before any information is given out to the media. Allison was asked to go down to the police station to make a statement about the

night that Tammy left the house, I went with her.

Nov. 17, 1994

This is

the day we held the wake for Tammy. I estimate that between 350 to 400 people came to pay their respects. Susan and I were very surprised of the large amount of people that

showed up.

Nov. 18, 1994

This is

the day of Tammy's funeral. After Susan and I left the cemetery, some of Tammy's friends talked to the news media and stated that Tammy never said anything about running away or killing herself, ever. Has the police talked to these kids about

the statements that they made on T.V..

Nov. 19, 1994 through to Jan. 9, 1995 During this time frame, from what we have been informed of, a file has been started and people have been questioned. We and other people have given information in regards to anything

we feel important to help the police in this investigation. This file, as stated by the police, has been put together just by stuffing any or all information

in with no regards to order.

Jan. 10, 1995 The detectives called our niece April to ask her to come down to the police station to give them information she had that was up to date. April called Susan and asked if she would bring

her down. Susan decided to do this on Thursday, Jan. 12, 1995.

Jan. 12, 1995 Susan and April went to the police station so the detective could ask April some questions about situations between Tammy and some of her friends. Susan was informed that the file that was created on Tammy, was disorganized, and all of the

information was just

• tossed inside. She was also told that someone informed the detectives earlier that week to start up again the investigation on our daughter Tammy. That they were taken off all other cases and exclusively to work on Tammy's case. That they were given the go ahead to work with unlimited

overtime on this case, as needed.

Feb. 7, 1995

Sue and I were asked to come down to the police station at 10:00 .m. to talk to the police about their case about Tammy. We rought along all of the paperwork of information that we both had accumulated within the past six months. We were planning to hand all of this over to the police to help with the

investigation of who killed our daughter Tammy. When we got there they asked Sue to go in first to talk to the police. Then after Sue they asked me to come in to talk to the police. What I didn't know until I got into the back room that we were both being interrogated by the police as suspects in the murder of our daughter Tammy. The police never asked if we had any information that could help them, just that they knew that I was their prime suspect in the death of Tammy by reports that were given to them. Before they were done with me I gave them a copy of this letter, which at that time ended with the entry on Jan. 12, 1995 and my conclusion. They asked me if I was willing to take a lie detector test the following morning at the Springfield registry, I said "No problem, I'1l

be there." When Sue and I met in the hallway of the station we couldn't believe that they felt I killed Tammy and Sue was covering up

for me. We left confused and troubled.

Feb. 7, 1995 After getting home Sue called our friend down our street for advice. Both her and her husband came over and we explained what happened that morning. They first told me not to go for that lie detector test. Then they told us to contact a lawyer so he could advise us properly about what to do per there allegations toward me. I contacted the lawyer that they told us about and made a appointment with him the following morning

before I was to meet the police at the registry.

Feb. 8, 1995 At the lawyers office we both explained what happened from the

day Tammy was missing to the day before at the police station. He called the police station and told them that I was not going to meet the police at the registry that morning and if they had any charges against me that I will come down to the police

station that morning. All they had was probable cause?

Since that day we have talked to three other lawyers and no lawyer is willing to help us with our problem. One went as far as stating that he would not get involved in this case because it was to hot of a case. Everyone that we talked to has advised us not to do anything to upset the police, not to make any statements publicly, or try to do anything special like a memorial in regards

to the death of our daughter Tammy. I'm sorry, but Tammy was our daughter and we will not just sit back and wonder for the rest of our lives what happened to her, we loved her very much. We want to try all avenues possible to

help us solve how Tammy died and who killed her.

Union News, Sunday Jan. 15, 1995 In a surprised article in the newspaper there was a article about all 33 homicides in Western Massachusetts. Nothing about

Tammy was said in this article.

Un an Nees, Sundae Augut "old Slaying trails turn cold", also

In another our daughter Tammy was not included in this one. Sue and I both could not understand why. That following Wednesday I called the reporter, Jeanette DeForge, who was the staff writer that did the article. I asked her why nothing was said about Tammy in her article. She said that they had Tammy on their list of unsolved homicides, they gave a copy of this to both the police

and D.A. Bennett's Tammy's name crossed off the list. The police and Bennett's office told the newspaper that the case on Tammy was a "Unsolved Mystery Death" and it could not be on this list that the newspaper was reporting on. If this is true, how come the police haven't told us of this. Isn't the family important enough to

keep informed of anything new about our daughters death.

In conclusion,

The things that I can't understand are, why did it take six (6) weeks to start any kind of a police file. Why did everyone we called at the police station sound like they didn't know anything about our daughter being missing, after an official police report was made. How come no one was questioned, my family or I, until after they had determined that the person who they

found was our daughter Tammy. Why

• from Nov. 7, 1994 to Jan. 10, 1995 when we asked if the police followed

up with information that we gave and also others gave, the information just got stuffed

into a file with and nothing done with any of this. Until lord behold Sue gets a phone call from the police and

they tell her that there will be two (2) officers assigned to this case continuously around the clock, if need be with unlimited overtime. What I can't figure out are the police trying to cover up a very big mistake that was made from day one when Sue and I reported Tammy missing and the police did not agree with us. Even now the police seem to be covering up something because everyone is telling us to lay low and do nothing after they get done talking to the police about Tammy's death. The end result I feel is that all along Susan and I have been correct in our feelings about this and the police have been wrong all along from day one!!!!!!!!!!

