My encounters with Ira Bloom.

This is all information I shared on different websites over the last couple years and I have made some spelling corrections. It’s November 2025 as I’m updating it and can’t help it, I want to contact Ira and ask him who told him that I killed Tammy Lynds? Was it the informant that set him up? 

link to Tammy"s case 

https://hellsacres.blogspot.com/2012/06/18-year-old-fox-road-murder-mystery.html


 
 

I met Ira by chance. I put our mobile home up for sale and he was first person to offer to buy it.

 

 Yeah, this Ira Bloom. When I first met him, he seemed like a concerned father. I keep forgetting his son‘s name. But he talked about how his ex abused his son physically all the time. So I called DSS anonymously from the phone in front of Dunkin’ Donuts, it’s the smoke shop now on Boston Road; I reported seeing his ex get rough with his son at the Jewish community center in Springfield at the soccer fields, because that where Ira said his ex smacked his son and I remembered playing soccer there as a kid, so I was able to describe it easy enough.

I figured an anonymous call would just help start an investigation. His son told me that his mother hit him, so why wouldn’t I believe it and try to help?

(2025- Being able to reflect on this 20 years later, I still feel like it was the right decision to call the Department of Social Services, iris son Sammy told me that his mother was abusive and even though he may have been lying because his father asked him to, it's obvious they should have been involved long before this. They knew there were problems in court and Ira was making crazy statements about his ex. they allowed this to spiral out of control, or I feel they did.)


I met Ira the summer of 2003, he had bought my mobile home at 14 pioneer way in Springfield,MA next to Walmart, unfortunately this was on a rent to own basis. Ira had a friend, an older gentleman from Longmeadow who was a psychologist or psychiatrist, something like that, Ira had this guy help him with the down payment, and this old man gave me his word that if Ira didn’t pay, he would cover whatever Ira owed. I wish I could remember more about what this old man had said but I was sick at the time and believed what he was telling me, and thankfully this guy was legit because he ended up paying the balance that Ira owed like six months later. I was so sick at the time, my sense of time is terrible, but it was all within 6-8 month time frame.
 
 
 Ira used to call me all the time, One time there was a leak somewhere around the window in the living room and he didn't know how to check for it or fix it.(2025- I feel like an idiot now for not being able to fix that leak, I don't know why that sticks out in my mind, but I should have been able to fix that but because I was sick it felt like an impossible task)  Then another time it looked like he had pulled some siding loose and then claimed that it had fallen off during a windstorm, but it hadn't been windy since the last time I saw him and the siding went back up without any problem whatsoever. Another time he needed me to come over because the furnace wasn't working and all I had to do was hit the reset button.
 

Sometime after I called DSS, Ira called me over to the mobile home about another issue and while talking he said I heard you killed Tammy Lynds... I was in shock. I didn’t know what to say, and he kept talking, there was no shame in words. He talked about how he wanted me to rape and murder his wife and dump her body in Connecticut. He had very specific details about what he wanted done. He knew everything about her schedule and where she lived and who she talked to. He told me what to do with her personal belongings, her phone, her keys and wallet. Since I was sick at the time, this made my head spin. I actually ran all these scenarios through my head, thinking how absurd it all is. 
 This guy had the nerve to bring up my friends who's death has gone unsolved until this day and then ask me to murder the mother of his child and then sit back and allow him to kidnap his son and take him to a foreign country and then try to explain to his son why his mother needed to die and die in such a horrific disgusting way, and I couldn't wrap my head around the fact that he thought I was capable of something as horrific and disgusting as this.
He had a plan to take his son to Israel because he says there is no extradition treaty there. 
 (2025- Looking back on this, it's obvious he was suffering some severe mental health issues at the time, and I should have done more to discourage his disgusting behavior,
 
 
(I know this isn't funny, but it makes me laugh every time I think of him offering me an IOU for killing his wife.) I guess they used to own property together and he had a lot of money tied up and didn't want to give her her half or whatever she was asking. Ira offered me $25,000 of her life insurance money and from the money he'd get from the businesses he and his wife had together, once he got to Israel. He just needed to get his finances in order and make sure there wasn't going to be a financial trail, (2025- This guy must have watched way too many movies or got the idea by talking to somebody on the street corner, None of the things that he said to me sound like they were well thought out or bright ideas. I don't know why he didn't just try to kidnap his son, I think it would be a lot easier to explain to your son that you didn't want him around his mother because she's abusive, instead of saying that I hired somebody to rape and murder her and pretend it wasn't me, because I hated her guts and she may or may not have smacked you around a few times. lol I don't look back and wish that anyone had died for any of the abuse or neglect that I suffered, Sure that might be fun to punch somebody in the mouth or something but not rape and murder them and dump their body, And I'm going to have to look but I'm pretty sure that the courts were aware that there was something fishy going on and just ignored it, Ira's behavior was quite obvious. )




After this, he used to nag me all the time to come over the mobile home. I would get stuck there listening to him complaining about this or that, saying that the window had a leak, or that some siding was getting loose, just to try to lure me into conversations to murder his wife. I was so sick at the time and I felt totally trapped. I didn’t know what to say to this guy. I just let him vent. I think at this point he owed me like $12,000.




2003 My ex and I first moved to apartments next to Mingles on Riverdale st in West Springfield and then we moved to a house on Welland ave in Indian Orchard, which happened to be across the street from where Tammy was buried, I used to go jogging there all the time with my son and dog Hailey, and I never noticed that Tammy was buried there, which is super weird because I noticed a whole bunch of other people there. I have an Uncle there, my first dentist and his wife are buried there. It was around this time that had a friend call the police anonymously and report what Ira was asking me to do and gave details. I didn't want to be involved, I already didn't trust the Springfield Police Department and I still don't, and I don't trust the department of Social Services, now DCF, Massachusetts is known for neglecting children and disabled people. It's been this way for decades.
 
 
 
 
 
Early 2004 I called that old man that was looking out for Ira and told him that Ira wasn’t well and hinted at how much Ira said he hates his ex and expressed my concern for everyone’s safety. Thankfully this guy paid off the balance of the mobile home, so I didn’t have to deal with Ira ever again. I’d forgotten all about Ira for years, this happened right before I tried to kill myself for the first time. I felt like such a piece of shit when he asked me to murder his wife and I was still shocked and couldn't believe he had the nerve to made that baseless claim" I heard you killed Tammy". I could never understand how people could say stupid shit like that, even joking and this guy wasn't, he was dead serious. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2025- After reading more about Ira's attempt to find somebody to murder his wife, I think it's hilarious that authorities were able to lure him across state lines, then they were able charge him with a more severe crime. They could have easily accomplish the same goal in Massachusetts multiple times before this I'm sure and I'm curious if authorities benefited financially from luring him across state lines.. the more I look into this to, the more it seems that our legal system was well aware of IRA's mental health issues. I would be really interested in Ira getting a mental health evaluation and an IQ test, it's obvious he lacks empathy, but why? Is Ira a high functioning autistic person or could he have some form of Asperger's?
 
None of my questions excuse Ira's behavior, what he did was inexcusable  , but a son lost a father because the system failed his family. 
 
Should Ira have been sent a mental health faculty when people first started to noticed his mental health decline? 
 
 
 
 
 
Court stuff for Ira

https://www.casemine.com/judgement/us/591464d9add7b04934280931/amp


Ira’s appeal 
https://www.justice.gov/sites/default/files/usao-ct/legacy/2011/11/23/08-2199-crUSvBloom.pdf

 
 
 
December 9, 2023 I reached out to someone who wrote a story on Ira Bloom, but I never got any responses. this is his blog
 
 https://jimfishertruecrime.blogspot.com/2012/11/ira-bloom-murder-for-hire-plotter-who.html?m=1
 


 
 
 
 
 
 What ChatGPT found on Ira:

The Ira Bloom murder-for-hire case is a chilling example of how personal vendettas can escalate into criminal conspiracies. Here’s a detailed overview:





🧑‍⚖️ Background

    Ira A. Bloom, a resident of East Longmeadow, Massachusetts, was embroiled in a contentious divorce and custody battle with his ex-wife, Zhanna Portnov, in 2005. Dissatisfied with the custody arrangement, Bloom sought full custody of their 8-year-old son. 
    Frustrated by the legal proceedings and impending court costs, Bloom devised a plan to eliminate his ex-wife. He approached his acquaintance, Donald Levesque, a known petty criminal and confidential informant for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF), to find a hitman. Bloom’s plan was particularly heinous: he wanted his ex-wife to be raped and murdered, with her body disposed of in Hartford, Connecticut.  


🎧 Investigation and Arrest

    Levesque reported Bloom’s proposal to the ATF. Under the agency’s guidance, Levesque arranged a meeting with Bloom at a restaurant in Enfield, Connecticut, on July 8, 2005. The meeting was surveilled and recorded. 
    During the meeting, Bloom discussed the murder plot in detail, even sketching a map to his ex-wife’s workplace. He expressed frustration over legal fees, stating, “If we go into court on Aug. 12, I’ll owe him about 15 grand by then. So everything’s gone. I mean, she’s dead.”  
    After the meeting, as Bloom and Levesque continued their conversation in a car wired for sound, law enforcement officers arrested Bloom. His immediate reaction was, “Don, what’d you do to me?”  


⚖️ Legal Proceedings and Sentencing

    In October 2006, Bloom was tried in Hartford, Connecticut, and found guilty of two counts of using interstate commerce facilities in the commission of murder-for-hire, violating 18 U.S.C. § 1958(a).  
    On April 30, 2008, he was sentenced to two consecutive 10-year terms (totaling 20 years) in federal prison, along with three years of supervised release.
    Bloom later filed a habeas corpus petition, challenging aspects of his conviction and custody classification. However, the court dismissed the petition for lack of jurisdiction.  


📌 Key Takeaways

    Motive: Bloom’s actions were driven by a desire to gain full custody of his son and avoid legal expenses associated with the custody battle.
    Law Enforcement Strategy: The case highlights the effectiveness of using confidential informants and surveillance in uncovering and preventing violent crimes.
    Legal Outcome: Despite Bloom’s claims that his statements were mere venting, the recorded conversations and detailed planning led to his conviction and substantial prison sentence.


If you have further questions or need more details on specific aspects of the case, feel free to ask.

 

 

 

 

 