This is how I picture it we're going to start with animals- All right I talk about my dog so you would click on animals, click on the dog file, you'd see that I've had a few dogs over the years and then I say want to talk about Harley. 


animals- dogs- Duke, Snowball, Hailey, Harley 

Harley profile-  
Dreams- she hasn't her shared dreams, but could be in mine. 
Education-I've trained her to behave a little. lol, i love her, she loves Snacks, we make it work. 
Emotions- anxiety- doesn't like being left home alone. loves seeing pink harness
Events-brought home right after psych ward stay, got her fixed, brought to Dom's 18th birthday party 2024. 
Hobbies- walks, bike rides, running at the park, sleeping
Insects- fleas- ticks, flies attack her on walks
Medical- Harley fixed, yearly check ups, monthly medications
Morals- Harley has shown empathy, fairness and cooperation
Motivations- Harley is motivated by food and excitement 
Objects- leash, collar, dog bed, pink harness
Patterns- likes- if you scratch her knees, she'll stretch her legs out. dislikes- louds noises, snuggling
People- likes Dom,  doesn't like brother-afraid
Places- Walmart, Lowes, Mary lynch field, warren, Massachusetts, Springfield, Massachusetts. 
Plants- avoid onions, garlic, grapes
Projects- want to fix her back pack
Thoughts- she thinks about food and walks.
Values- Dogs value Friendship 
Wordindex-
Years-born September  2015, picked her up January 25, 2016. 

dreams- Harley- have to make some up of us flying and making ai bodies.  

education- Dog training- Harley could be a part of this, she needs training, i should to learn how to train her better. i could use it to help other dogs

emotions- anxiety- i worry when i leave Harley home alone. Harley also gets anxiety when left alone. Dom doesn't experience the same type of anxiety. friends 1 and 2 have extreme anxiety, avoid going to crowded places. 

Events- psych ward stay 2016- rough time there, had group therapy but limited family visits, got Harley right after leaving on January 25, 2016

Hobbies-  bike rides- Harley loves to ride too

insects- fleas- could attack Harley and humans

medical- Harley- needs her nails trimmed and heart worm monthly

Morals- Harley was there for Ricky when he was sick, Ricky feels a moral obligation to shower her with love and affection for her loyalty and friendship

Motivations- Ricky is highly motivated when it comes to problem solving. he says Harley is motivated by food alone.  

objects- pink harness- Harleys

patterns- stress relief- what works- working out, bike ride, listen to music, scratching Harley's knees, she looks so cute stretching.

people- Dom- nephew, we live together, Harley likes him. he likes Harley
people could be broken up into family friends and acquaintances. 

places- Mary Lynch Field- i played soccer here as a kid, Harley loves to run here, i fly kites here, i spread my dads ashes here.

plants- onions- ricky loves them, Harley will get sick

projects- dog backpack -i want to fix Harley's backpack so she rests on my shoulders instead.

thoughts- Harley- is my little love bug, but she's a spoiled brat, i love taking her for walks. Harley enjoy her walks and gets excited when her leash is taken out. Harley thinks about food.

Values- Ricky values honesty and loyalty. values Harley and his nephew. values all life. values friendship over wealth. Harley as a dog has a pack mentality, values friendship.

word index- Harley

years-  2016- got Harley, suicide attempt, marriage broke up, moved back to Springfield. 