Conversations with Tammy's Dad- Richard Lynds. I always thought he was a pain in the neck, to put it nicely. But honestly he was just a father in pain and desperate for answers to a horrible event. 





Facebook Messages:


Richard L: 10/13/17, 12:09 PM
Richard
Hi Ricky, I'm not sure if you remember me, Tammy Lynds was my daughter

Ricky S: Hi, yes I remember you. How have you been?

Richard L: medically, not too good these days. I have still been trying to find out how Tammy died. Have allot of written info on stuff about who may have but still looking into it.

Ricky S: Sorry to hear that. Allison wrote me last year. She wrote one day and I haven’t heard back from her.

Richard L: she has been very busy with her daycare. I also found your dad on here too.

Ricky S: Most of my family is on here. He doesn’t use this much, but everyone else does

Richard L: I posted a news clip I did with Fox25 News back in 2012 a few weeks ago. Did you happen to see it?

Ricky S: I’ve probably seen it in the past. The Springfield police asked me to come down a couple years ago. They said they were still investigating the case.

Richard L: yes, so am I from another direction

Ricky S: It’s unfortunate, but if you don’t push them, they won’t do anything at all. I’ve found the Springfield police department isn’t big on doing their job

Richard L: 
Richard
No, with the new people in the DA office, they are going forward even farther than before in items that have been found, DNA taken off of her that they still have and written statements made by people after Tammy was found, about who and how she was killed and who was directly responcible for her going out that night when she disappeared.

Ricky S: The police said they had new information when I spoke with them. But they never said what it was and it’s been years since I’ve heard anything from them

Richard L: 10/5/18, 2:52 PM
Richard
Thank you Trump.

SAME SEX MARRIAGE...
This interesting prayer was given in Kansas, USA, at the opening session of their Senate. It
seems prayer still upsets some people.
When Minister Joe Wright was asked to open the new session of the Kansas Senate, everyone was expecting the usual generalities,
but this is what they heard:
"Heavenly Father, we come before you today to ask your forgiveness and to seek your direction and guidance. We know Your Word says: "Woe to those who call evil good", but that is exactly what we have done.
* We have lost our spiritual equilibrium and reversed our values.
* We have ridiculed the absolute truth of Your Word and called it Pluralism.
* We have worshipped other gods and called it multiculturalism.
* We have endorsed perversion and called it alternative lifestyle.
* We have exploited the poor and called it the lottery.
* We have rewarded laziness and called it welfare.
* We have killed our unborn and called it choice.
* We have shot abortionists and called it justifiable.
* We have neglected to discipline our children and called it building self-esteem.
* We have abused power and called it politics.
* We have embezzled public funds and called it essential expenses.
* We have insitutionalised bribery and called it sweets of office.
* We have coveted our neighbor's possessions and called it ambition.
*We have polluted the air with profanity and pornography and called it freedom of expression.
* We have ridiculed the time-honored values of our forefathers and called it enlightenment.
Search us, Oh GOD, and know our hearts today; cleanse us from every sin and set us free. Amen!"
The response was immediate. A number of legislators walked out during the prayer in protest.
In 6 short weeks, Central Christian Church, where Rev. Wright is pastor, logged more than 5,000 phone calls with only 47 of those calls
responding negatively.  
The church is now receiving international requests for copies of
this prayer from India, Africa and Korea.
With the LORD'S help, may this prayer sweep over our nation and WHOLEHEARTEDLY become our desire so that we again can be
called "ONE NATION UNDER GOD."

Think about this: If you forward this prayer to everyone on your list, in less than 30 days it would be heard by the world. How many people
on your list will not receive this prayer.
Do you have the boldness to pass it on?

I HAVE, AND I HAVE JUST SHOWN IT BY FORWARDING THIS TO YOU. GO ON FORWARD IT!!!



Richard L: 7/15/19, 1:40 AM
Richard
Hi Ricky, there has been new information that has been brought to my attention. There is a place that you, your cousins and Sam used to hang out at allot. It was a very well hidden place. It is what is known as the pit. This is where Tammy said she was going the night she disappeared, 25 years ago, a week from now. She was going to meet you there instead of at your parents home, which she did the week before.
I have been told that Tammy did meet you at this pit and that is where she was killed. Her body was dragged out of the pit, up the bank to the spot behind the log where she was finally found in November. My plan is to contact the news media with all this info before I go to the DA'S office. The reason why, I have been told that you and your family still have strong connections in the police department and my efforts to get help would get me no where. So I will leave it up to the news media to do my digging. Good luck and don't cross my path ever again.



Richard L: https://counteverymystery.blogspot.com/2019/07/murder-of-tammy-marie-lynds.html?m=1&fbclid=IwY2xjawPxkPNleHRuA2FlbQIxMABicmlkETE0M25tYVhVckdOdG9Gb3Fic3J0YwZhcHBfaWQQMjIyMDM5MTc4ODIwMDg5MgABHumT9Ga7jspz5bpp4AbI3jaqjSqpaS7jnp1fRlEjX0pp9-MsIuv9KKzSRZHq_aem_0iU4NIE2K02HJeP_hVdimg

 

Richard L: 7/8/23, 9:35 PM
Richard
Hi Ricky, I asked Allison on what info you had told her. Allison refuses to tell me what you told her. Could you please tell me what you had told her.

Also, there is a list of seven people, that have a knowledge of what happen to Tammy. I was told your name is not on this list. At this time, I only know the number of people but not their names. Do you have any info on these seven names.

Thank you for talking to me here.

Ricky S: I’m confused, why won’t Allison talk to you? Allison and Lou won’t respond to me either. There’s a video from David I found on hbo. I don’t understand why people haven’t been sharing it

Ricky S: https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x8dzohw?fbclid=IwY2xjawPxkTZleHRuA2FlbQIxMABicmlkETE0M25tYVhVckdOdG9Gb3Fic3J0YwZhcHBfaWQQMjIyMDM5MTc4ODIwMDg5MgABHtYxE1wqRE623JvXbT6zrKRJenoBSQ_eivasuOl9gqbuO_ksXeZnR8IeJcb8_aem_AUG5_QfI2d-35V6J2qxbEA

Ricky S: His part starts at the 15:30 mark



Ricky S: There’s so much, I feel like you should talk to that hell’s acres blogger. It’s not just paranormal stuff.



Ricky S: Someone posted a comment on your Tammy memorial page 9 weeks ago. Post has 14 comments, the name Jeffrey anzalloti  at the end of that post is a known pervert.



Ricky S: The family of the kid that Tammy said stole my bike from your house on Lamont st , has a criminal history



Ricky S: Billy Bokalitz, I always thought Tammy said baskawitz

Richard L: I have no knowledge of your bike being stolen

Ricky S: Lou has recordings of Jay, talking about the night Tammy went missing, he said they saw her, but wouldn’t share the rest of the audio.

Richard L: I have no knowledge of that whole story you told

Ricky S: It was a long time ago, I loved that bike, my mother didn’t remember either. My dad passed away, so I couldn’t ask.


Ricky S: I was told not to talk to your family back then, I can’t recall why.

 

Ricky S: It doesn’t make sense why the police wouldn’t let us call when Tammy was missing. I was friends with Josh. I would’ve helped look, if I was allowed. The police said no

 


Richard L: Ya, and everyone refused to talk to me. For a few years, I was the prime suspect

Ricky S: No one likes to talk out in the open, they’re afraid of something
 


Ricky S: I already started writing it online in my questions. So i might as well tell you what I was told and not skip around it

Richard L: Thank you

Ricky S: Allison and Josh weren’t home the night Tammy went missing, I guess they can prove it. Sue knew Tammy was missing before she went to bed and waited for you to leave for work before calling her mom and having her bring the kids home. Then she called you at work and told you Tammy didn’t come home and you needed to come back. Sue knew that Jay and Sam smoked behind those sheds and had Allison tell that story. 
With you sleeping and being at work, you can’t offer a alibi for sue.

Ricky S: This explains why Josh doesn’t want to talk and heard how Allison was very hard on sue. The kids being forced to hide the truth from everyone, must’ve been and I’m sure still is horrible.

Richard L: So are you saying that Sue is involved with Tammy's missing



Ricky S: They’re saying that sue has been hiding stuff from day one and they can prove it.  It’s not from one source, people heard it from Josh and Allison. They weren’t home the night Tammy went missing.

Ricky S: I still don’t remember what I was doing that night. 
Why would anyone? Is was just a regular night for most of us, if sue told you Tammy and Allison told you to go to bed, would you remember what night, out of the countless nights?

Ricky S: Why would you think twice? Did you keep constant track of the kids? If you saw Josh and Allison when you arrived home that morning after hearing Tammy was missing. 
Would you really remember that they weren’t home or would you be grateful they’re safe and believe sue, saying Allison saw Tammy sneak out?

Ricky S: I think these hells acres bloggers can help keep track of all this and the crazy people in that neighborhood

Ricky S: They have lists of people who could’ve hurt Tammy, but this story that sue knew and didn’t want to tell anyone that Tammy was missing even earlier, makes everything so much harder

Richard L: How do you know that Allison and Josh were not at home the night Tammy became missing.

Ricky S: The worst part of this… I heard Tammy might been going over to the bokalitz to get my bike back and one of his uncles killed her for having a big mouth. 
But everyone is afraid to speak up. No one will tell me a fact I can show everyone

  

Ricky S: People saw Sue’s mom the morning Tammy was reported missing. She didn’t know sues story. She told people about the kids sleeping over and Tammy couldn’t because of summer school

 

Ricky S: Josh has told people this while drinking in the past as well



Ricky S: I’m sorry, but I asked Allison a couple questions about the direction Tammy walked in and it was like she never even thought about it, no one told her what to say.

Richard L: I have in writing, my story about what happened, what I did, who I talked to, what people said to me from the day after she was missing to early 1995.

Ricky S: Would you share it with those hells acres bloggers?


Richard L: Not at this time because I do not know who they are.

Ricky S: If detectives don’t want to help, maybe they can shame them into doing their jobs or getting news coverage
 

Ricky S: If you can find anything to help, you stuff is probably all there is

Richard L: I had been in contact with Bob Ward from Fox25 news, telling the story but for some reason, he will not do a current follow up story.

Ricky S: Allison not telling you makes perfect sense. I wouldn’t want to have to admit my mom asked me to tell a story to find my missing sister. 
Sue put everyone in a terrible spot by making up her story.

Richard L: Susan also told the police that the night that Tammy disappeared, she said that she did not know where I was all night.


Richard L: That is why I became the prime suspect

Ricky S: There’s so many secrets sue has never come forward or expressed any interest in this case. I can’t help but feel she’s hiding more

Richard L:   I agree from day one


Ricky S: I’m not out to attack anyone and I’m not sure why sue hasn’t been truthful. But I didn’t enjoy being made to feel like o was hiding something all these years and you obviously didn’t either

Richard L: I ruled you out years ago.

Ricky S: Watching all this star trek really made me think of her and how I wished I could’ve helped back then. 
That’s why I wanted to talk about her now. I miss my friend and want to know what happened to her.



Ricky S: I only wanted to share my memories, since I couldn’t back then. I even heard sue made my mom uncomfortable at work all the time. My moms to scared to talk and that person doesn’t want to speak up in front of others

Richard L:  I'm sorry to hear about your dad

Ricky S: Thank you, it was very fast and unexpected.

  

Ricky S: I know this is all a disaster, but Josh and Allison really should talk to you about everything.
 
Richard L:  Allison is going through a marriage problem right now. Josh has major medical problems with his back, taking medical weed for the pain.

Ricky S: 
You sent
Sorry to hear about that. Life wasn’t supposed to turn out like this. We all had hoped and dreams. The government stuck it to us

Richard L: Thank you Rick, for talking to me on here. You have opened a few things that I was thinking of but didn't have any hard reasons to continue in that direction.

Ricky S: I hope that this starts leading to some answers. I’ve tried to be as respectful as I can. But it bothered me that Lou and Allison stopped responding after I started asking my own questions. I was always giving answers, thinking I was helping. But they used my stories and started telling their own.

Richard L: thumbs up

Ricky S: Have a good night

Richard L: 7/10/23, 7:09 PM
Richard
Hi Ricky, I had a refresher talk with Josh today about the things you had texted to me on Saturday. He did not confirm any of the things you had said that included him.
My question is, where and from whom did you get all of the info you said to me.

Ricky S: I got this information from multiple people. 
At first I was looking for anything I could find on you. 
People are afraid to speak in public, they don’t understand why the DA doesn’t care and won’t get involved

 
 
Ricky S: 7/10/23, 7:38 PM
You sent
The worst part about all this is, if Josh and Allison told the truth, the DA wouldn’t be able to ignore this case any longer, it would force their hand. 
But that’s never going to happen is it?

Allison has never been able to even give any details about the night Tammy left, it’s been the same vague story she was told to tell, the one lacking any real life details, just fantasy. They have to come clean before anything will ever be able to move forward. 
I’ve been telling the same stories for the last 29 years, just recently those stories have expanded and been backed by facts.

Josh and Allison need to think long and hard, about getting this off their consciences. 

What are these audio recordings that Lou isn’t sharing with the public? 

What other information does Lou have, that could help?

Why won’t anyone share any stories about Tammy before she died?
 
Richard L: All I know right now is that Allison has been talking to all of the people that knew Tammy so to get and create a history story about Tammy. She has been doing this for about three years now. She refuses to tell me what the various people have said and she is refusing to give me the list of names.
Josh has totally tuned out since the first day Tammy was missing. He did say that one of our dogs, Sandy, would get out of the yard and disappear for hours. When she returned, she smelled rancid and was covered with crap. Josh feels that Sandy was going where Tammy's body was and was rubbing on her body. This is the first I heard of this.

Ricky S: That sounds absolutely horrible, no wonder he never wanted to talk about that.

Richard L: Did David Bokalitz have a missing arm

Ricky S: No, that’s Dan stebbins. I’m not related to him, but I’ve seen pictures
 

Ricky S:I never met Dan, I asked how he lost his arm and no one answered

Richard L: Someone had a hook for a hand

Ricky S: sent pic of Dan Stebbins

 

Ricky S: This is Dan stebbins and he has a hook. I never met him. He’s not one of my cousins


Ricky S: My cousins were Michael, steven, Joseph and Kenneth on moss rd

Richard L: Did he live on Gilbert

Ricky S: Jeremy and Andrea on middle Brook dr

 

Ricky S: I’m not sure, I know he lived in your neighborhood. That’s what everyone keeps saying

Richard L: See, the only person who I met and knew back then was you. I was never home during the week when other kids would have been at my house. I got home and it was just my family. I was never told about the doings that went on during the days of the week.
I had found out from Allison that what went on around the house and them, stayed in the house and never tell your father. She had put a fear into all three of them. I found out allot of things that Sue did during the divorce in 2006.

Ricky S: My parents were the same way. When they argued, they wouldn’t speak to each other for weeks at a time. So they weren’t always aware of what was going on around the house or what we were doing.

Richard L: I searched from that first weekend until the week she was found, all over the neighborhood. I even staked out your parents house the first two weeks, during the night, thinking that Tammy was going from house to house.



Richard L: My sister and I are the only people that did any searching for Tammy.

Ricky S: I wasn’t allowed to talk to your family. I don’t recall who told us not to. 
It doesn’t make sense, you’d think theyd want our help and to catch us, if she did run away. Not keep us all apart

Richard L: I did find out that there was a big battle between Tammy and Sue allot.

 

Richard L: I have no idea on who prevented any communication or searching about Tammy

Ricky S: I knew Tammy got in trouble for needing summer school. But I don’t recall how much trouble. We all complained about our parents back then.



Ricky S: I didn’t have summer school, so I probably made fun of her a lot. Talked about sleeping in and being lazy

Richard L: Did you know that all of the things that they found on Tammy, along with the diary books are now missing. The DA office has no idea on where everything is. All they have is copies of the writings that Sue created after Tammy was buried.

 

Richard L: No, before summer school. Sue and Tammy would get into a physical battle, over what I have never known yet, to the point where Sue would drag Tammy by her hair while on the floor. That was why Tammy had cut her hair short before she died.

Ricky S: That’s absolutely insane. I heard stories, but never knew if it was true. The DA’s office is so dirty, I don’t think they ever looked or cared, so they wouldn’t have caught it

Richard L: At my granddaughters wedding, my girlfriend had a short talk with Sue, where Sue said that Tammy was now in a better place.

 

Richard L: Sue always hated Tammy, I found out

Ricky S: That’s heartbreaking, Tammy missed out on 30 years of her life, she was one of my best friends. 
It’s not like she was lost at sea or taken prisoner during a war. She was a little girl

 

Ricky S: She would’ve wanted to be with her family, not this better place of Sue’s

Richard L: My girlfriend started on by saying to Sue how sorry she was upon the loss of Tammy. And that is what Sue said back.

Ricky S: This is very hard to hear. I have always cared about Tammy and wanted to know what happened. I never want to give up. How can she be in a better place, if her family is still searching for answers?

Richard L: I'm the only one still hard searching for answers. But I'm all alone with all doors locked shut.
My family are all gone now. I'm the last one still alive. Of course Josh and Allison are still here but my family are not. I had a sister and a brother, both are gone.

Ricky S: I honestly don’t think Josh will be honest with you, not with everything Allison is going through now.

Richard L: So, are you still connected with any of those people that knew Tammy.

Ricky S: I have no idea what Lou and Allison were up to. I had to do all this searching on my own and those hells acres bloggers also helped point me in the right direction

Richard L: What do you know about what Allison is going through



Richard L: Lou and his mom has refused to get back with me about Tammy


Richard L: Who are these people on Hells acres bloggers

Ricky S: Just rumors, i heard her husband has been cheating and I heard josh hurt his knee, not his back. 
I never know what’s true or not.

 

Ricky S: I talked to one older guy who said he was in his 60’s. That’s how I first read about the diary and heard Allison’s side of the story.

Richard L: Allison's husband wants a divorce. Josh did hurt his knee many years ago but his current problem is that he blew out his lower back.

Ricky S: Emailed, I haven’t met with anyone from that blog

Richard L: Nerves from the L1 down to the L5


Ricky S: ’ve met with old friends and talked to people I recognized at Walmart recently. They’re all afraid to write stories online or even anonymously messages. 
It doesn’t make any sense why people up and stop talking



Ricky S: I’m sorry to hear that about josh, I’m on disability, but I can’t complain. I just have to take it easy.

Richard L: I'm disabled, been since 2017. I have bone spurs that have grown that pinch my nerves from my L3 to L5. Family history. My sister and brother had this too.



Richard L: I also have a leaky heart and bad kidneys


Ricky S: I can still do everything normal people do. But I have an untreatable/incurable genetic skeletal muscle disorder. I workout to much and my muscles start to die and it overloads my kidneys

Richard L: Ouch

Ricky S: I don’t want a kidney transplant, so I stopped trying to look like hulk hogan.

Richard L: I have cysts on both kidneys that can not be removed. Again family history. My sister had it too. That is what killed her.

Ricky S: Sorry to hear that. We never ask for this stuff

Richard L: I just got both of my eyes fixed, had cataract surgery on both. I don't need to use glasses anymore, just to read.

Ricky S: That’s good news. My eyes and ears are still going strong. My hyperthyroidism has beaten me down over the years, but that’s been under control for a while.

Richard L: I'm still the same build as I was back then. A few inches shorter.

Ricky S: Hopefully I’ll be in better shape soon. I’ve had over a dozen joint surgeries and a disk replaced in my neck.
New England othropedics has been a life saver for me



Ricky S: I walk by the spot they found Tammy all the time. I spread my dads ashes at the hill. He coached our soccer team there as kids. 
I never stop thinking about her

Richard L: I'm supposed to have some kind of surgery on my heart but I do not know what it is yet.

Ricky S: echnology is so amazing these days. Hopefully you’ll be feeling better in no time

Richard L: I wanted to create a memorial at the place where they found Tammy but the city said I couldn't

 

Richard L: It was park land


Ricky S: That doesn’t make any sense, it’s a wildlife area, a simple plaque or statue wouldn’t be an issue at all


Richard L: To this day, I still do not know the exact spot where they found Tammy. Sue knows the exact spot. I always asked her how she knew. That is when she would shut up.
The first time I was at that spot was in 1997.

 

Richard L: 
I had created a wooded cross with Tammy's name on one side and the dates on the other. That was what I used as a headstone in the cemetery before the real headstone was put in place. Josh still has it.

Ricky S: I remember driving by while the police were there. It wasn’t a professional looking crime scene. It didn’t look like they searched that area at all. Only under her and that’s it

Richard L: I have pictures of the seen. There was no medical examiner or vehicle there when they removed Tammy.

Ricky S: We rode our bike by after they left. They area wasn’t cleared. I couldn’t tell where they found her, I always thought it was right behind the logs, not off in the woods. Someone had mentioned 10 feet of the side.



Ricky S: I doubt they did a real autopsy

Richard L: No, she was right on the other side of one of thos logs. Her shoes were up against the log.

 

Richard L: Sue said Tammy was behind the third log to the left

 

Richard L: I think there were four logs laying there


Ricky S: I never heard any of this before, I asked people, but no one would tell me

Richard L: Did you know about a pit that was in the woods across from where Tammy was found

Ricky S: We used to ride our bikes by there all the time. But we did go to New York almost every summer, I can’t remember if we did when Tammy was missing

Richard L: Lou told me about this pit

Ricky S: I went there with Lou, I never heard of that before. There a bunch of trash down there now, right by the spot

Richard L: No, on the other side of Fox Road, in those woods, across from where they found Tammy.

Ricky S: If Tammy was ever in there, that’s horrifying, that wasn’t some fun hideout. That hells acres blogger has stories of kids getting raped in those very woods

Richard L: There is a pit

Ricky S: Yes, across the street, 300ft into the woods

Richard L: thumbs up

Ricky S: It’s a lot deeper than I expected, it must’ve been pretty big 30-40 years ago

 

Ricky S: I asked Allison and it doesn’t make any sense. If Tammy was going to the woods, why didn’t she have a flashlight?



Ricky S: Allison said she just left, no supplies. Nothing that would make any sense

Richard L: I was told that the night that Tammy left the house, she walked down to Sam's house, at the far end of my street. She was there up to the following Monday because I was told she was at one of the boys birthday party.

Ricky S: I don’t know Sam and Jay Francis died from what I was told.

Richard L: Sam is still alive but Jay Francis died of a drug overdose right after he talked to Allison about Tammy.

 

Richard L: I have gathered allot of stuff on this case but I don't have everything.

Ricky S: That’s so rough. I know Tammy had friends and people cared about her. I don’t see what they’re so upset about.

Richard L: I'm not allowed to talk or question people

Ricky S: I would love for someone to come tell me I can’t talk.

 

Ricky S: I’ve been waiting to speak to the DA’s office about my own nonsense

Richard L: All I can say is there are threats that have been made out there if anyone talks.

Ricky S: Fuck them. 🤣

Richard L: Would you like a number to call

Ricky S: I’m not calling to yell at them, I’ll wait for them to come to me.

 

Ricky S: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32LFom7BM_4

Richard L: That will not happen. I have been in contact with a Debbie Chieco, victim/witness assistance program, through the Hampden Superior Courts

Ricky S: I have a big mouth, I’m tired of hiding the truth and only being able to speak when I’m allowed. 
I can’t wait to talk to the DA, I’ll ask why they never did anything to help find what happen to my my friend Tammy and why they tamper with evidence and alter statements.

Richard L: That's okay, I have been asking the same questions

Ricky S: I don’t want to let up this time, every time Tammy’s case gets any attention, it just disappears and no one speaks about her again. She had almost 16 years, why won’t her friends share a few stories. 
Anything get bring interest to her case.

Richard L: I feel the same way. I tried getting the story out back with Fox25 and channel 22. But that was it.

Ricky S: I shared these hells acre’s blogs about  Tammy on all the Molly Bish posts. No one responded or liked them

Richard L:  got no where's with the people from Molly Bish.

 

Richard L: They refused to talk with me

Ricky S: I’ll write them. I was going to, but thought they might think I had something to do with Tammy

 

Ricky S: f they refused to talk to you, then I don’t mind bothering them again

Richard L: You know how people get a large group of people in regards to a thing and do a remembrance on someone. This is what I think would do some good to finally start to have people talk. But I don't know who, where or when to do this.

 

Richard L: I live alone out here in Oxford, MA. An hour from Springfield

Ricky S: I live in the same house on Hope st.


Ricky S: I’ve been reaching out to everyone I can, people block me or ignore my messages. 
I was expecting people to call me a liar or killer. Instead they just ignore her case.
I asked those hells acres bloggers to put that comment back up. 
I don’t care what people say about me, I want to know what happened to Tammy. 
Not win a popularity contest


Richard L: Well look at what I have had to deal with, for years, I was the prime suspect

 

Richard L: I have been in the dark for 29 years

Ricky S: I only recently started feeling confident enough to speak up. It’s been a long road.

Richard L: The DA office has told me that I am not their prime suspect anymore. I was told this back in 2013, when I was at their office, giving them all I had on the case.

Ricky S: Then why haven’t they put out a statement? Cleared your name? Instead they make you look guilty still, then no one wants to talk. Everyone still feels to uncomfortable opening up

Richard L: I have no idea why

Ricky S: Probably because they’d have to admit how completely incompetent they are and totally inept at doing their jobs

Richard L: I feel something needs to be done outside of Springfield.

Ricky S: They allow independent investigators access to cases.



Ricky S: I’m not sure what court to go to, but with the way springfield handles everything, they wouldn’t be able to fight it

Richard L: I just talked to that Deb about wanting to have Tammy exhumed because I want a better autopsy done and I think all of the missing stuff is in the casket with Tammy. But Deb said that they will not put in a order for that. All that was done back then is all that can be done.

Ricky S: She’s lying

Richard L: I know she is but where do I go to next.


Ricky S: here’s been so many advances in science and especially forensic anthropology.
If anyone can see her autopsy report, they’ll be able to see what was missed

Richard L: I have a copy of it

 

Richard L: They finally gave me a copy of it back in 2013

Ricky S: If you shared it, that would go a long was towards figuring things out.

Richard L: Ya but to who

Ricky S: Have you talked to unsolved mysteries?

Richard L: Yes, I got a closed door from them back in 1995

Ricky S: There’s a lot of options for Tammy’s case to get coverage.
I know hells acres would give her case a serious look too

 

Ricky S: We never worked together before

Richard L: I know but I would need/want to talk to someone in person, not with texting

Ricky S: I was Tammy best friend and only friend willing to come forward. I’ll contact people and give them your information

Richard L: Okay

Ricky S: I’ll let people know your health issues and they’d have to come see you.

Richard L: Have you every seen the two news reports I did


Ricky S: They might ask about video messages, but they can deal with that



Ricky S: I did, they didn’t help bring any answers to light. Just left more questions

Richard L: 
Richard
I have a 3 inch, 3 ring binder with all kinds of stuff I have gathered over these 29 years. All of it would surprise everyone on what I have because no one except me, Allison, Josh and the DA office has seen it.

 

Richard L: Bob Ward did see some too
Richard

 

Richard L: Do you remember Jeff Robbins

Ricky S: Hells acres had asked why I haven’t seen it. I might have recognized names.
I’m better with faces. That’s how I found David bourget

Richard L: I have a list of 20plus names of who knew Tammy

Ricky S: I don’t, Allison showed me his picture. We didn’t hangout in high school or ride bikes together. 
I only met Joe theriot a few times, I don’t recall what he looks like. I just remember him being quiet, David was quiet too, had lots of acne

Richard L: I have two primary suspects, Jeff and Tera

 

Richard L: Tera is Mike's ex wife


Ricky S: I wish people shared stories, then I might be able to recall more. I’ve remembered more in the last 3 months, than I ever imagined. I used to be beat up my priests at olsh from 1-4th grade and locked in a closet in 5th grade for months of the school year. 
I went to olsh with Tara, but don’t know her well. I left olsh after 7th. Duggan for 8th and Putnam 9-12

Richard L: I have been told that Tara hated Tammy because Tammy and Joe were having a thing.

Sorry Tara was Joe's ex wife

 

Richard L: Then I was told that Jeff was with Tammy when she died and he was the one that gave Tammy that knife so she could protect herself



Richard L: Tammy died from blunt force trauma to the face

Ricky S: That could explain why Tara said Billy bokalitz wasn’t around and moved years ago

Richard L: But that was not reported on the medical report

Ricky S: Tammy accused Billy of stealing my bike and we sent to cops to his house. He was Tara’s best friend

Richard L: And it was not reported on the death certificate

Ricky S: That alone could be a reason to have another autopsy



Ricky S: Clarification and reexamination. They missed that blunt force trauma person from southwick

Richard L: Tammy's teeth were found under her body, not in her mouth

Ricky S: Did you know they can tell if someone was strangled, even if it happened thousands of years ago.
They can get dna of the tiniest of particles.

Richard L: Yes I know this but the DA office and the medical examiner, back in 1994 said that Tammy was all bones, nothing was left of her

Ricky S: Even with her teeth knocked out and next to nothing left, a forensic anthropologist will give us so many more answers. Once you show them that worthless autopsy report. Then people can be pushed

Richard L: Is was determined that it was Tammy by her dental records

Ricky S: Friends of Tammy’s were told badly decomposed.


Ricky S: What happened to Tammy’s ankle? Didn’t she have a pin?

Richard L:The medical examiner said that she was a complete skeletal remains 

Ricky S: I have a rod in my right forearm, it has a medical identification number on it



Ricky S: The plastic in my neck also has an Id number.

Richard L: No, she had a bunyan operation on one of her big toes

Ricky S: What about that attack on the bus?

Richard L: I couldn't go anywhere with that because Tammy was missing so the case was dropped

Ricky S: No one looked to see if these people could’ve killed her?

 

Ricky S: They just blamed you and gave up looking?

Richard L: I don't know who were questioned



Richard L: The blame on me started with Sue



Richard L: Then everyone else was saying that I killed her



Richard L: The DA office said that there is nothing that can be done until people start to talk

Ricky S: Cops came by my house a few times and asked to look around to see if she’s hiding. They questioned me once after they identified her, they took me from school. They forced me to lie and say Tammy snuck out and knocked on my windows, asking me to come out, but I didn’t go with her. 
Then they asked me to come down around 2013, I told them all I could recall and then that was it.

Richard L: I wanted to get a private investigator but that takes money that I don't have

Ricky S: I know Shaun was questioned, but that’s because he laughed and said it was probably Tammy, while he was talking around april bruneo

 

Ricky S: I might have the last name spelled wrong

Richard L: Brueno

Ricky S: I dated her/ held hands the summer before Tammy went missing

Richard L: Dated who

Ricky S: April, we never kissed or anything like that. 
I was also friends with the girl Jen morin from up the street. Her uncle Rick was my dads best friend from Putnam

Richard L: Did you know that Tammy was pregnant

Ricky S: I never heard that until after the police identified Tammy. Kids on the soccer team told me that a fetus was found

Richard L: Or there were signs on her bones that represented that she had been pregnant

Ricky S: I’m not sure if you knew, but a detective on the police force had a son on our soccer team, Larry Akers sr and Larry Akers jr

Richard L: The name doesn't sound familiar




Ricky S: One of the detectives tried to have a friend of mine lure me into the sub basement at Putnam, thinking I would have sex anywhere. It didn’t work

 

Ricky S: pic of Larry Akers


Ricky S: Larry Aker Facebook page pic



Ricky S: Father and son, then a picture of his Facebook page
 
Richard L: I just went onto his Facebook page and asked if he knew Tammy

 

Richard L: This is how I get people to talk

Ricky S: I’m not sure if he knew her personally, but he knows all about her case

Richard L: Let's see where it gets me



Richard L: Okay, it is getting late and I'm tired. Maybe we can chat again

Ricky S: I asked him 10 years ago about the case, he said he didn’t know. I asked if I was ever a suspect, he lied and said no. 🤣

Richard L: Now you became a suspect because of what Tammy wrote in her diary about you

Ricky S: Yes, I’m around and would love to help solve Tammy case or at least get people talking. Ignoring hasn’t solved anything. Have a good night.
I’m not worried about Tammy writing about me, we were friends, that still matters to me.

Richard L: That is why I went to your house the day after Tammy was missing to talk to you
You sent


Ricky S: Tammy and I never fought. I have nothing bad to say about her. She was a great friend and I’ll always remember that

Richard L: Yes, I believe this. Remember, I invited you over for dinner one time.

Ricky S: I do, and Josh was around when we rode bike and I burned myself playing with fireworks. 
We watched movies together in your livingroom

Richard L: thumbs up



Richard L: Goodnight


Ricky S: Goodnight 😴💤


Ricky S: 7/11/23, 8:28 PM
You sent
I contacted Bob ward and sent him a link to those hells acres blogs. I know he read my message. Hopefully he’ll respond to someone

Richard L: thumbs up

Ricky S: 
Someone left an anonymous comment asking if there’s anything to share. 
I responded, but my comment hasn’t been posted. I’m not going to share you say, unless you say it’s okay to share it.

Richard L: For now, do not share. If someone from hells acres wants info, they can contact me directly, not through that blog.

Ricky S: I’ll let them know. My comment got posted to that blog now, I also sent my email and this blog stuff to unsolved mysteries. 
I am looking into other cold case options

Richard L: Thank you, forward everything to me. I will connect with the people from the blog, unsolved mysteries and if possible Bob Ward.

Ricky S: unsolved.com/?fbclid=IwY2xjawPxmelleHRuA2FlbQIxMABicmlkETE0M25tYVhVckdOdG9Gb3Fic3J0YwZhcHBfaWQQMjIyMDM5MTc4ODIwMDg5MgABHl6CHnn4YaqPU80QaYNnawK-zAdMmW2rA4DMQITThXD7Cfy13fZLZARTUNZA_aem_NeGq187wg4THKVHAwKNbFA

Richard L: 
I want to keep your name as like a ghost for now. When the right time comes, you will be included. Thank you

Ricky S: If you also submit a story on Tammy, the more people, the less chance her story is ignored

Richard L:  Where do I do this

Ricky S: All the way at the bottom, it says submit a story
 
Richard L: The story I want to give would start with info many years before Tammy disappeared to a few years after she was found. It will take some time to gather and put it together.

 

Richard L:It may be in one huge story are a few parts

Ricky S: It’s been 29 years and no one has wanted to help you do that yet. Hopefully things are about to change

Richard L: I hope so too

Ricky S: 7/12/23, 9:10 PM
You sent
I talked to hells acres and he said he send you a message from his personal Facebook account and some information for you to look at.

Richard L: 7/12/23, 11:48 PM thumbs up

 

Richard L: 7/14/23, 12:04 AM
Richard
I never got anything from anyone yet.

Ricky S: Did you check message requests?

Richard L: I found Brian on here. We have been talking all morning.
I went back through the stuff I have in the binder book and the diary note that Tammy wrote, about going out as a dare, the week before she was missing, she never wrote a name. From Susan and Allison on that weekend when I wrote down all this, they were saying your name to me. From the various date diary notes of Tammy, a boy named David was the one she was dating, having sex with and was planning to sneak out of the house to go see late at night.

Ricky S: I wish we were all allowed to talk about this 29 years ago. There’s so much stuff here and we couldn’t share it with each other.

 

Ricky S: Brian has been very respectful and he was going to hide my name. But I asked him to put it in his blog. I wanted people to come forward and talk about Tammy, not be afraid still.

 

Ricky S: Thank you for sharing this with me as well.
Someone told me that Sam comstocks father Richard comstock, used to sell heroin and Sam used to steal it.
They also said they had to go to the hospital because sam convinced them to try it. 
They don’t want to get involved, but said we could check their criminal history and it’ll match up.

Richard L: Update, I have been talking to Brian from Hells Acres allot on here. I have been sending him copies of the various things I have in my binder.

Ricky S: He seems like he’s really interested, not just for a quick story. I hope he can help. I know you said josh hasn’t talked about Tammy, have you asked him since I shared some stories about her?

Richard L: Yes I did, his story about what he remembers is still the same 

Ricky S: I meant before she left, not from that night

 

Ricky S: I was hoping more people would feel comfortable talking about Tammy as a friend. I’m not accusing anyone of anything. 
I don’t remember is Tammy played sports or took dance class.

Richard L: Neither

Ricky S: Brian asked for my old phone numbers and about any other Ricky’s.
I used to want people to call me rick and our number for 30+ years was 783-2885 
I don’t think Tammy was friends with another Ricky

Richard L: Hey, I was just checking Tammy's phone numbers and she has a Ricky with the number 737-9240.

Ricky S: I don’t know who that is and I can’t find a listing for it.



Ricky S: The name Ricky Lunsford comes to mind, but I can’t find a link between him or that number

Richard L: I don't know that name. In Tammy's phone book, she only wrote people's first names

Ricky S: I couldn’t find a picture of her rotc date, otherwise I should be able to find him in the yearbook ,without a name
I wonder if her date was Ricky

Richard L: Did you know a Ricky Derouin

Ricky S: Name doesn’t sound familiar

Richard L: It is in her phone book

Ricky S: I’ll try to find a picture and what school he went to

 

Ricky S: 7/18/23, 9:16 PM
You sent
I can’t find anyone with the last name derouin, not in the central 93-96 yearbooks, not in the Putnam 96 yearbook

Richard L: 7/18/23, 10:22 PM
Richard
I sent the phonebook to Brian

Ricky S: Hopefully he can match numbers with last names online.

Richard L:  thumbs up



Richard L: 7/22/23, 4:42 PM
Richard forwarded a link https://hellsacres.blogspot.com/2023/07/the-1994-fox-road-murder-mystery-part-5.html?fbclid=IwY2xjawPxmsRleHRuA2FlbQIxMABicmlkETE0M25tYVhVckdOdG9Gb3Fic3J0YwZhcHBfaWQQMjIyMDM5MTc4ODIwMDg5MgABHsJNDpfcPlyEIkuWVM56eeNgcmS97I2C69-ku9c9n2zVYApJ__idHLaCfz7b_aem_1RQkscyEFIZOGf2_XOzFlA
Hi Richard. I posted Part 5. Hopefully this help bring movement on the case with Tammy's friends and with the DA's office. I'm saving some info for future posts. https://hellsacres.blogspot.com/2023/07/the-1994-fox-road-murder-mystery-part-5.html

Ricky S: 7/22/23, 5:11 PM
You sent
Hopefully more people get involved. All this silence is disturbing

Richard L: 7/26/23, 10:13 AM
Richard
Hey, I'm not sure if I asked you this before. Are you related to any Stebbins from the Cummington area of Western Massachusetts. Because I'm related to some out there.



Richard L: 7/26/23, 10:36 AM
Richard
I just finished sending everything I have for files on Tammy to Brian.

Ricky S: Not that I’m aware of. My fathers sister Mary and her husband Gary Wescott live on rt 20 in Huntington,ma. But she used to live in miss rd until the 2000’s



Ricky S: Brian hasn’t given me a lot of information, he’s been collecting it. I was shocked to see my name wasn’t even mentioned in those diary pages in that story. I was told for 29 years Tammy was coming to see me and told people she was having my baby. I always thought that was crazy, now I learn sue lied.

Richard L: Tammy was dating David at the time when he was with her for the ROTC Prom, school picnic, July 15 late night visit and the final night Tammy went out.

Ricky S: I wanted to ask this online, so other people can see. 

How pissed off was sue about Tammy getting pregnant on purpose?

Richard L: I never knew. I did find out from Allison that Sue had taken Tammy downtown to abort a fetus. Not sure when that happened but I was never told of it from Susan or the kids. Sue had a threat with the kids, what goes on here at home stays at home and do not tell your father anything.

Ricky S: I asked people in my family and two of them actually remembered Sue treating Tammy harshly and for no apparent reason, telling her if she kept in crying, she’ll really give her a reason to cry.

I never told them what you and Allison said about sue and Tammy fighting. They told me this on their own.



Ricky S: I already have an ax to grind with the DA’s office, so I’ve been dying for someone to come question me again. 

This stuff with Sue just gets me more motivated to find answers

Richard L: Ya, I had no knowledge of what was going on in my home until I was getting my divorce. Allison told me allot.

Ricky S: I don’t blame Allison, she was a 10 year old kid following her moms orders. 
I’m struggling to figure out how to expose Sue’s lies and not come down on Allison all.



Ricky S: Without Tammy around to take the abuse, Allison must’ve been terrified that she would be next.

Richard L: I don't think Allison got what Tammy was getting from Sue. I do know that Allison does not like talking or doing things with her mom.

Ricky S: I was also told that Jeff Robbins is deathly afraid of Sue and she was forcing him to tell a story, but he kept making mistakes. One incident she exploded on him at work at stop & shop in east longmeadow. 
But I haven’t been able to find someone to look for a copy of a incident report

Richard L: Sue wrote down allot of the conversations she had with Jeff. I have sent them all to Brian.



Richard L: Tell Brian about that report, he might be able to get it.

Ricky S: I heard this from a high school buddy, his cousin Heidi worked at stop & shop with Sue. He asked her a bunch of stuff, but didn’t say why



Ricky S: I heard Sue used to harass my mom when she came in to set up spices.

Richard L: 7/26/23, 5:57 PM
Richard
Hey, do you recall seeing a knife like this back in 1994
Sent pic a razor blade with handle


Ricky S: (Sent pic of broke knife I altered for reference)

Richard L: This is the type of knife that Lt. Kelly showed me at the homicide department, that was found under Tammy

 

Richard L: What is that

Ricky S: I recall something like this, the tip was a little more rounded. But it reminded me of a cheap steak knife you’d see at a local restaurant. I thought I saw screws or rivets in the handle

 

Ricky S: I didn’t see a knife with a razor

Richard L: Who showed you that

Ricky S: I don’t recall the detectives names, two different people questioned me. Not the detectives with a son on our soccer team

Richard L: I only saw Lt. Kelly


Richard L: I was never shown a knife like that one

Ricky S: I haven’t seen those detectives since the day they questioned me. It’s like that stopped investigating.
But I was shown a knife similar to that. And some nail clippers



Ricky S: I can’t recall finger or toe clippers

Richard L: I never was shown any nail clippers

Ricky S: They said they found it near her body. They never mentioned her necklaces

Richard L: What time period was it when they showed you these items

Ricky S: But they did say she had rings on her fingers

Richard L: No rings

Ricky S: They picked me up from school after identifying her body.



Ricky S:I never saw the rings, they only told me about them
 
Richard L: So before or after the funeral

Ricky S: I saw the knife and nail clippers, I couldn’t touch them



Ricky S: I believe before the funeral



Ricky S:Let me double check
   
Richard L: I need to know exactly when


Richard L: She was buried on December 18



Richard L: Everything was put into the casket on about December 14

Ricky S:They questioned me in November, it was before thanksgiving
  
 

Ricky S: Either Thursday the 10th or 17th

Richard L: Sorry, the funeral was on November 18. Everything was put into the casket on or about November 14.

Ricky S: They questioned me before they announced they identified her body. I had no idea I’d was her, until that day, then I’m sure everyone knew

Richard L: So what they showed me could be now in the casket with Tammy.

Ricky S: She wasn’t labeled a murder victim, no one would’ve been watching the casket. I imagine anyone could’ve stuck something in there.
 
Richard L: We were told on November 7th



Richard L: They released her remains to the funeral home around November 11th.

 

Richard L: I have to go back through my notes

Ricky S: It was the week of the 10th , a week before her funeral
 
Richard L: thumbs up

Ricky S: The police called our parents and told them they wanted us brought in for questioning. When the parents agreed. Officers picked up those kids up at school and tried talking with them, before the parents arrived at the police station.

Richard L: 8/5/23, 10:52 PM
Richard
Message expired
This message is no longer available

Ricky S: I’m still shocked at how quiet people are about all this. I try sharing these blogs on different sites. I have only gotten a response on one of them

Richard L: 8/5/23, 11:58 PM
Richard
I just sent it out to 30 people


Richard L: I read your post and feel for you and what happened to your daughter. You said you were looking for direction. Here is a place to start for some direction about your daughter. You won’t be alone, you can get some advice on what to do next. Bless you, https://pomc.org/

Ricky S:I have only shared it, tomorrow I’ll start sending it out to more people. I really hope more people join the discussion soon

Richard L: 8/6/23, 12:32 PM
Richard
Sorry about sending that web link. I found out it is something for helping families that are dealing with a loss but you have to pay for their service.

Ricky S: Those types of services should be free. You should’ve had someone to work with and to talk to, from the start. 
Learning about the complete lack of response to Tammy’s disappearance and death is maddening. 
This isn’t the type of stuff people should be bottling up inside



Richard L: 
8/6/23, 1:08 PM
Richard
I know what you are saying. For 29 years, I was completely alone, with no help, no council talking. I delt with it on my own, my own way.


Richard L: Monday, I'm going to call the DA'S office to find out if they have been following Hells Acres. If not, I'm going to advise them to do so.

One other note, that I have not told you yet. The various statements that Allison and Janyce have collected on friends of Tammy, since 2018, I'm hoping to get copies of all of these statements. What to do with them, after reading them all, I will be contacting our new state attorney general in Boston to see if they are willing to talk and work with me on this case. I will not be contacting the DA'S office in Springfield. I do not trust those people at this time.

Ricky S: I don’t trust the DA’s office at all. I would want all contact with them to be through email or recorded. 

I hope people shared some nice stories about Tammy. I know talking about her is difficult for everyone, but I think the public will gain interest, if we show who she was.

Richard L: 8/13/23, 12:38 PM Hi Richard, Part 7 is now live: https://hellsacres.blogspot.com/2023/08/the-1994-fox-road-murder-mystery-part-7.html

Ricky S: I’ve seen more people are starting to comment. It seems like that DA didn’t give you all the autopsy info

Richard L: All I got was what was written for me to see. If they kept more of it from my eyes, I don't know why.
I feel that, some how, I need to get my hands on everything that are in their records of the case. It does them no good holding onto it. They aren't doing a damn thing anyways.

Ricky S: There’s no reason for them to deny your request to release all the information. They can’t hide anything that’s been released now.

Richard L: They must have stuff in a file.

Ricky S: I would push hard to get it, put comments on the hell’s acres blog, ask if anyone objects to having access to all of her information. I’ll comment I believe it’s time to hand it over to you.

Richard L: I'm trying to send the stories to the DA but I don't have a link to them

Ricky S: https://www.facebook.com/HampdenDA?mibextid=LQQJ4d

Richard L: thumbs up

Ricky S: If you copy the link to any one of these hells acres articles and post it as a comment on all the post that have a lot of likes or comments. All those people will get an alert you shared something.

Richard L: I tried, it was denied sending



Richard L: So I instead sent a message in regards to it.

Ricky S: I just posted a link in his top comment

Richard L: thumbs up

Ricky S: If you like it and comment on it, more people will see it



Ricky S: https://www.facebook.com/100064324496510/posts/pfbid09NRUiy5hERkjzzqNqwRYHkjYy4A7B2mcTBn7haS562kkWjw3u3eQCgi4bMcgkLLDl/?mibextid=cr9u03

 

Ricky S: Click this link, Tammy’s post is at the top of the comments

Richard L: https://www.facebook.com/groups/741786789221083

Ricky S: It won’t show me what you sent, it might be part of a private group

Richard L: It would not allow me to send anything to them. It is not a open link to send to and there is no way to join it either. A waste of effort and time.



Richard L: There is a phone number but all you will get is a answering machine with no reply back.

Ricky S: Once all the truth is out there, no one can cover it up.  Hopefully Lou shares that audio with Brian, even if it is lies. Maybe there’s some truth to be found in them
 
Richard L: So what audio does Lou have

Ricky S: Lou recorded all of his conversations with everyone involving Tammy’s case.
You can remember all this stuff

Richard L: I know that Lou and his mother had recorded a few interviews with people of interest. Is that what you are talking about.

Ricky S: Even my conversation with him was recorded

Richard L: I'm currently working with Lou's  mom in getting these interviews put onto paper. Once I get these, my plan is to contact the Massachusetts Attorney General to see if they would start working with me to get answers.

 

Richard L: I'm done with the DA'S office in Springfield.




Richard L: I will go to state next and that doesn't work then I will go federal. I know the process.

Ricky S:If you can get them to release her remaining case info to you, it would go a lot faster, than having to fight for it

Richard L: I'm planning to read them over and decide if they are good enough to use to talk with the Attorney General. If not then I will release them to Brian so he could use them in one of his postings.



Richard L: 8/13/23, 6:02 PM
Richard
I just asked Allison in regards to the rings that have been said to have been found on Tammy.

Ricky S:
You sent
Did they show her or say anything about them? My parents were there when they spoke of them

Richard L: We have never been shown or seen anything that looked like a ring.

Ricky S: 8/13/23, 6:49 PM
You sent
The detectives told us “they found the rings on her boney fingers”

Richard L: 8/15/23, 5:36 PM
Richard
For your info. Lou, Brian and I are going to meet this Friday to finally see who is who and to discuss about what we know. Please keep this to yourself for now. There might be things coming out of this meeting that will be very important to the case. I'm trusting you to keep it quiet for now. I just wanted to update with you on what I'm doing.

Ricky S: I really hope something comes from all this, maybe having all the info out in the open will force someone to take action in Tammy’s case. 
All these years I thought being quiet was the right thing to do and that got everyone nothing at all.

Richard L: 8/15/23, 6:35 PM
Richard
A case like this, having the alliance between so many people. It takes just one to get it to open up and get things going in the correct direction. The word is, there is a group of people involved. One is dead.

Ricky S: I’m glad someone is finally helping you. I can’t imagine how frustrating this never ending story has been for you and your family.

Richard L: Right now, I have been wanting to try to get my hands on this info but I have been getting hit by a brick wall. Why I can not figure it out yet.

Ricky S: Hopefully now that all this information is getting a out there. Someone with the knowledge you’re seeking will see her case and contact you. Or maybe that other podcast person Brian spoke with can do a story on Tammy.

Richard L: My plan is to seek help from the Massachusetts Attorney General office. If they don't want to help then I will go higher up.

Ricky S: I was looking through the Tammy memorial page and Tammy did wear rings now and then. There’s a pic showing it


Ricky S: (sent pic of Tammy with rings)
 
Richard L: (sent back pictures of Tammy  wearing a ring)



Richard L: he also was wearing a ring in this photo take when she was 11.

Ricky S: There must be people who look for lost for misplaced case files. There’s so many questions and so few answers.
I know they said they found her rings on her boney fingers: it was horrible image I never got out of my head. 
There could be dna on them if Tammy fought someone.

Richard L: That is correct, if they still exis

Ricky S: What about the necklaces, why weren’t they tested with that finger nail? 
They need to give you answers, if it’s lost or just hasn’t been tested. 
You shouldn’t have to guess

Richard L: At this point, in time I know I will be getting answers.

Ricky S: I also hope this brings you and the kids closer. I can’t imagine how hard it’s been on them losing a big sister.

Richard L: What will happen will happen

Ricky S: 
Very true. We can’t change the past, but we can change the future.

Richard L: 8/16/23, 4:53 AM
Richard
I need to ask you this very important question. How do you know a David Bourget and a Jenni Lynn.
The other question is how and who is this Loubydoo Mysteries person. This person says they are a friend of yours. I need to know who everyone is here.

Ricky S: 8/16/23, 9:32 AM
You sent
David Bourget was a friend of Tammy’s. I only met him a couple times 29 years ago. I had no idea about their relationship. Tammy didn’t tell me that stuff about David.  She called him Da Borg, a friendly take on the Star Trek characters, she didn’t say it to pick on him. 

Jenni clapper is related to Aimee (Walsh) Michon by marriage, Jenni never knew Tammy. I asked all my friends to comment on these blogs, she’s the only one who did.

Aimee and another girl Katrina( Clayton) Ulasewich, we’re both assistant soccer coaches. 
Aimee is how I heard the rumor about police finding a fetus. 

Detectives tried to get those girls to lure me into the sub-basement at Putnam. 
They would write notes offering to have sex with me in school. 
I never went along with it.

Thankfully I never went along with it, one day as I was walking towards one of the sub-basement doors, a detective jumped out and acted like I was jiggling the door handle, even though I was 20 feet away. I was totally clueless what was going on at the time, so I just kept going and didn’t engage that detective. 

I asked Katrina to read these blogs and now I noticed she’s no longer my friend on Facebook.

I haven’t ever been able to get Aimee or Katrina to share what any officers said or any questions they asked. They both have acted clueless about the whole situation



Ricky S: 8/16/23, 10:27 AM
You sent
I thought Loubydoo Mysteries was Lou Rock. People said he stopped doing paranormal investigations and started getting into Unidentified Flying Objects stories.

When I saw Lou was no longer doing videos, I contacted Hells Acres and wanted ideas on how to tell my life story and I told him what I knew about Tammy and our friendship. 
That led me to finding William “Billy” Andrews, the kid who stole my bike, when I was over your house hanging out with Tammy and I believe Jen Eger. 

I heard that Lou and Allison got super pissed off at me for contacting Hell’s Acres and that’s why they haven’t been responding to my requests to hear that audio or for Allison to confirm any other facts.

I was told the Bokalitz family had a criminal history of rape and other violent crimes. 

I heard that Lou and Allison think I was trying to change the direction of the case. Get the heat off of their main suspects. Which isn’t true, I no idea who their suspects really are. I thought Allison believed I killed Tammy, I just wanted the truth and I did find more information, though I’m not sure if it has anything to do with Tammy’s deaths 

I told Hell’sAcres that Lou did a lot of work and went to re-interview old witnesses and possible suspects.

If it wasn’t for Lou, I doubt I ever would’ve spoken up about Tammy at all. 

I’m not sure if that Pit had anything to do with Tammy’s murder, has anyone sifted through that dirt and looked for Tammy’s missing bones?

What if other personal things of Tammy’s are still in that pit. 

Did anyone run a metal detector over that pit? Could that lock still be in one of those areas?

Richard L: 8/16/23, 3:02 PM
Richard
Hey, did you know what house was Sam's on Lamont Street. This was the one I thought was his house.



Richard L: ( sent google maps pic)

Ricky S:8/16/23, 4:12 PM
You sent
I have no idea where Sam lived, I never hung around with Sam and didn’t know where his house was. 
I just recently started learning all of this. 
There are web sites that give out some information on people.
Jason Francis also has a listing for Lamont at and Gresham



Ricky S: https://www.truepeoplesearch.com/find/person/p2n4un6u29nn2uu8u802

Richard L: I thought Jay was dead. On the internet, it says he is still alive.



Richard L:  9 Sent pics of Jay's address)

Ricky S: I tried asking people that too, that obituary for Jay looks fake. 
I don’t know any of his family, so I couldn’t get an answer

Richard L: 8/19/23, 11:31 AM
Richard
Hey Ricky, I need your help here. I'm not sure if you can answer this one. I have two home locations that existed around my house on Lamont Street,  for Jason Francis. I'm posting here the two homes.

Richard L: ( sent two google map pics)

Ricky S: ( sent 3 pictures of true people info on JAY)



Ricky S: I found listings for Lamont and Gresham. I have to find it, but there’s a picture of Jay in front of the Gresham house.



Ricky S: ( sent X pic of Jays old account)

Richard L: thumbs up

Ricky S: 8/22/23, 8:32 PM
You sent
I messaged Tim Gilmartin yesterday. He had some stories to share about Tammy before she died, he said he was on the same bus in 9th grade.

I heard from a someone that knows both Lou and Nicole Swenor, they said that Lou has been asking people not to talk to us. That includes you, Brian and myself.
They said Lou has been telling people that the hells acres blog is fake and it’s not helping in any way.
They also said Lou has been telling people I’m trying to interfere with this investigation, to mask my involvement in Tammy’s case. 

When I first met Lou, he told me that Tim said I was friends with Sam comstock and went to school with him. 

I don’t remember Sam or hanging out with him. I think he might’ve dated a girl named Candy. I haven’t been able to find her, so I couldn’t ask. 
From what I found, Sam went to commerce, I don’t know if he got a diploma or flunked out. 

I was hoping you could write Tim and tell him you’re involved and trying to get real answers. 

I only wrote to Tim because I remembered what Lou said. I don’t actually know Gilmartin. I can’t verify anything he might tell you or anything he’s already told Lou and Nicole. 

I’m not sure why Lou has been lying to you. Transferring audio and video to a private YouTube video is very simple. I heard the rumor that Lou didn’t show up and never intended to show up.

Richard L: 8/22/23, 9:17 PM
Richard
What are you talking about Lou not showing up

Ricky S: You told me you, Brian and Lou were supposed to meet. Someone that knows the swenors told me Lou didn’t show up and never planned on it.

Richard L: Have you talked to anyone about the meeting I asked you to be quiet about. Who is the one that told you.



Richard L: And who are the swenors

Ricky S: I haven’t talked to anyone about anything. They’re to afraid to give their name. So I just repeated what they told me. 
I didn’t tell anyone I talked to Tim gilmartin and they knew that too, they heard it from Lou

 

Ricky S: I was told that lou rock is really Lou Swenor. Plus the names all matched online with Janice’s info.

Richard L: Send me the post that you say you got from a mystery person

Ricky S: It wasn’t a post, they told me to my face

 

Ricky S: (sent true people pic of Lou Swenor info)

Richard L: thumbs up



Richard L: So a total stranger came up to you and said all this to you. And you have no idea on who this person is.

Ricky S: I’ve known them for years and I’ve been talking with them for months about Lou. 
They’re worried what’s going to happen to them if anyone finds out they’re talking to me.


Ricky S: 
You sent
I’ve heard from multiple people that Josh would try to fight me if I ever tried asking him about Tammy. This person was one of those people. 
I only tell people things I can prove or things they might be a problem and need to be addressed.

Richard L: Well, if this person wants to talk, have them to contact me. If I feel confident with this person, I could work with them with thing I know.
The more people I can get to know and talk to, the better.

Ricky S: 
I told you what they said so that you’d hopefully write Tim Gilmartin.
 

Ricky S: (sent pic opf text with Tim Gilmartin)

Richard L: So did Tim say this, that he was working with me on giving info to Hell's Acres. This I never did with Tim. I told him to read their blog. That was it.

Ricky S: He didn’t explain what that meant. I don’t know if he meant you or hells acres.



Ricky S: He hasn’t responded to my last message. I was hoping he would contact you or hells acres. Cause Brian told me months ago that no one had any new info about Tammy. 
But after talking to that person today. I heard Tim was working with Lou and Allison

Richard L: Well at this point, I need to know who this mystery person is. If not, then I don't see how I can stay in touch on here with you. Secrets do not work with me anymore, sorry.

Ricky S: Ok, I’m not telling you my contact. They’re terrified of you and your family. They’re afraid of the Casey’s/Swenors as well and for good reason. 
I’m not putting out peoples lives or well-being’s at risk.
Good luck

Richard L: 8/22/23, 10:23 PM
Richard
I found out your contact.

Ricky S: If they were willing to tell you their name, that’s fine.

Richard L: I didn't need to have them tell me their name. I have my ways of investigating things that I need to know.
Remember, I'm the one in charge here now.

Ricky S: That’s why I wrote you and told you what they said and that Tim Gilmartin might be able to help. I don’t know him, but I’m pretty sure he doesn’t want to talk to me anymore

Richard L: 8/25/23, 6:53 PM
Richard forwarded a link
Hi Richard, Part 8 is live. Come to think of it, I should add a photo of Tammy. If you’re uncomfortable about the stuff about your family, let me know and I can edit it. https://hellsacres.blogspot.com/2023/08/the-1994-fox-road-murder-mystery-part-8.html?m=1



Richard L: 8/31/23, 9:10 PM
Richard
AnonymousAugust 30, 2023 at 6:11 PM
What if it’s like that movie, “I know what you did last summer”. Tammy was partying with a bunch of people in the middle of the woods, then somebody killed her, when no one was looking. Everyone panicked when they saw her lifeless body, unsure of who was responsible, they all decided they would rather take a chance just dumping her body on the side of the road, than expose what they were doing and made a pact to never speak of Tammy again.

Ricky S: No one is coming forward as as far as I know. I can’t get people to share anything

Richard L: 9/1/23, 7:06 PM
Richard forwarded a link
Part 9 is live! https://hellsacres.blogspot.com/2023/09/the-1994-fox-road-murder-mystery-part-9.html?m=1


Richard L: https://www.facebook.com/hellsacres/posts/pfbid0Hg18wNP3zVgcCXHSjqyx3T3DD2CkYyiJAx4yiBXFkMC43D8wKP3VP2aug76YU9Vvl

Ricky S: 9/14/23, 4:54 PM
You sent
I need you to look at Tammy’s phone numbers for me.
I’m looking for Robert/Bobby or Richard/Ricky Derouin.

Richard L: Give me time. I'm in the Hospital right now. I will get back to you.

Ricky S: Sorry, I didn’t know that. I hope you get better soon


Richard L: Ya, I had a UTI, my first, not fun, it hit me Tuesday, I hope to go home on Friday.

Ricky S: I have some different information I would like you all to look at and think about

Richard L: 9/14/23, 11:45 PM
Richard
What you got




Richard L: That name doesn't look familiar  to me right now but when I get home, I will check.



Richard L: 9/15/23, 10:44 AM
Richard
I see you got ahold of Brian. Did he send you the phonebook info.

Ricky S: 9/15/23, 11:11 AM
You sent
I haven’t gotten it yet, I haven’t gotten a response about the stuff I emailed him.

Richard L: He sent it to me

Ricky S: Ok, then he must wanted to see what you said first. I know all the kids in my neighborhood would be able to speak about these kids. 
Finding pictures of these people has been next to impossible, I can’t find any contact info for Ricky derouin, his previous email and phone are no longer in service.

Richard L: 9/15/23, 11:57 AM
Richard
Brian has it and he has sent it to me, thank you

Ricky S: 9/15/23, 12:16 PM
You sent
You’re welcome, I’ll forward any other pictures I find and address info. 
I never believed Tammy was going out to meet anyone named Ricky, now I believe we found who she was supposed to meet.

Richard L: 9/15/23, 2:15 PM
Richard
Who


Ricky S: Ricky dDerouin, his parents had an apartment on Grayson dr and in colonial estates when they weren’t together.

Richard L: 9/17/23, 11:58 AM
Richard
Part 10 is coming out today

 

Richard L: 9/17/23, 8:14 PM
Richard
https://hellsacres.blogspot.com/2023/09/the-1994-fox-road-murder-mystery-part.html?m=1&fbclid=IwAR0ScJo6BoYYWcJiSca3ntm_USOHiNRfLanHyRMfbXAzdL9T4VLbiJUIkDM

 

Richard L: 10/2/23, 10:02 PM
Richard
Hi Rick, I just read your comment from Part 10. My question is why. If you need answers, I will gladly talk with you. From what I read, it seems someone has gotten to you again, why.
In the beginning, I was told that the Ricky that people were telling me was you. But I know now, and I thought I explained this to you already, that it was not you but another Ricky that I have never known before talking to you.

Ricky S: I cant turn a blind eye to this any longer. I’ve been beyond patient, totally respectful to everyone.
Lou Rock threatens to come over my house. I have family I love very dearly who also live here with me. 

Then when I speak up, Lou sends me this homo-erotic preview to his novel. he sent a preview to Loubydoo too. The difference there is, He sent the part where he’s trying to accuse me of leaving Tammy behind to die.



Ricky S: ( sent 11 pictures from Lou's love novel)

Richard L: So this is all from Lou

Ricky S: All but the last part, he sent that to loubydoo and then they sent it to me.

Richard L: Do you know who loubydoo is yet. I can't read any of their comments, I blocked them.

Ricky S: 
You sent
It’s definitely one of the girls. They always comment on the things I share and they didn’t mention anything about Lou’s story. Cause they already knew

Richard L: What girls are you talking about, I need names please

Ricky S: ( sent picture of conversation with Lou Rock)


Ricky S: Lou told me he shares everything with you, so he should told you this when I talked to him on the phone. I repeated it to him, just in case he forgot
 

Ricky S: He called me and talked for 3 hours September 1st

Richard L: I do not talk to Lou at all about anything. I haven't talked to him in over 3 years now.

 

Richard L: I just texted Lou to leave you alone because what he is doing could cause me problems getting things started with the AG.

Ricky S: I don’t know what is going on with Lou then. People keep saying he’s trying to start a fight with me, he wants a confrontation.
I’m not fighting anyone, I want to know what happened to my friend

Richard L: One thing about Lou, he is always high or drunk. He is a thorn in my ass right now without even knowing it.

Ricky S: I hope he gets some help. He talked about his brother dying from an overdose. He obviously hasn’t learned from that.

Richard L: I have a update for you but do not spread it around please. I'm trusting you here with this info.

I need your response first before I say anything.

Ricky S: 
You sent
I honestly don’t want to know. Then no one can accuse me of anything.

Richard L: Well that is one of the items, that you will not be one in question in the case going forward.

Ricky S: This whole situation is heart breaking. People have turned it into a joke. I thought Lou was helping, but he’s writing a fantasy book instead .

Richard L: Let him, it may work against him down the road. You have to stop reacting to the blogs on here. All of the blogs that have been posted will be investigated on going forward. Not by me but by others.

Ricky S: That is why I don’t respond to Lou’s threats. I know people are watching and taking pictures of everything we write

Richard L: Correct

Ricky S: 10/4/23, 6:15 PM
You sent
Some new information has come to my attention about Tammy’s funeral and items being placed in her casket.

Without your help, there’s no way to prove anything I’m about to send you. 
No one is willing to come forward, but someone has been trying to explain your situation.

 

Ricky S: If sue started a fight on purpose Thursday, then maybe Richard got drunk cause he couldn’t handle susans shit anymore and passed out early. 
People will understand that.

I also think Richard is telling two stories about the evening Tammy went missing.That’s why there’s no mention of people and all the lights were on when he got up, so he shut them off and went to bed. 
He’s telling what he remembers and repeating the story Allison told him. 
Susan could’ve dumped Tammy’s body Thursday evening and Richard wouldn’t have known.

Tammy and Allison never woke him up that night. Susan tells Allison that’s what happened and Allison repeats it to Richard. That’s why Richard tells investigators that story, not because he actually remembered, but because Allison told him that’s what happened. 
Why would he have any reason to think Allison would lie about that? I would have believed her too. There wasn’t a reason to suspect anything yet.

Richard didn’t see Tammy the morning she was labeled missing-Friday July 22nd, Susan probably started fucking with him as soon as he got up. he made his lunch and ran out the door as fast as he could. 
He had absolutely zero reason to suspect Tammy was missing, all he probably knew was that Susan was acting like a raging cunt and he wanted nothing to do with it. I’m sure Tammy’s summer school being brought up would cause more issues. 
Makes more sense that Susan chased his ass out of the house. I would’ve ran out too


Also never checking Fox rd, I’ve recently heard that Susan handled the searches in those areas and Richard was drinking in his car. He stopped searching cause he thought there was no point in searching the same areas over and over again. 
Susan told him about her searches in the fox rd/ colonial estates areas and seeing they all came up empty handed, Richard thought it was a waste of time to go back and check alone. 
I wouldn’t have double checked that area either. But he needs to say this type of stuff. Make it clear to people.
I’m sure he needed to time away from Susan’s cheating ass anyway. 

I have heard from multiple people about the smell, I’ve also heard from multiple people there was never any smells.
I’m one of the people that never smelled anything. 
So I would believe Richard when he says he skipped that area, cause he really didn’t believe she could be there and never smelled anything.
Not everyone did.

Why hasn’t Richard spoken about Susan climbing in and out of Tammy’s grave?
Why isn’t Richard talking about all the people that were blamed for what happened to Tammy? 
Susan accused a lot of people for what happened to Tammy, but never mentions that Tammy knew Susan was cheating on Richard.

Why doesn’t Richard bring up the fact that Susan abused Tammy to keep her quiet about the cheating? 

Richard needs to set his pride aside and admit that he was being emotionally abused by his cheating wife and fell for her lies. 
I’m positive he didn’t look for Tammy non stop. He was probably exhausted from work and dealing with Susan’s garbage.
I’m pretty sure that Richard wasn’t equipped to deal with Susan alone.

What about these stories about the items the Lynds were allowed to place in the casket?
Since Tammy wasn’t labeled a murderer victim, the police never took those items or even looked at them.
I know they were allowed to be buried with her. Multiple people were allowed to place cards and letters with Tammys remains.
It’s possible Susan left a confession in there. That’s why she was climbing in and out of the grave. Going crazy with the idea she might be found out.

What about the letters Josh and Allison got to place in the casket. Could there be clues to Susan’s abuse there?

Richard L: 
Richard
Where are you coming from with all this. First, I did not drink. I did searching from ideas I got from Allison, Josh and Susan. I did not have any idea where to look or who to talk to on my own.

So where and from who are you getting all your info, would love to know.

Ricky S: I can’t give away names. But I am going to bring up Susan crawling in the grave and putting letters and cards in Tammy’s coffin. 
And about Tammy knowing about Susan’s cheating.

I honestly think Susan had you running around in circles. If you say you weren’t drinking, I won’t question that in my post.
But other people witnessed these event and I was told there’s pictures and video of Tammy’s funeral.
I would love to know if this is true 

Everyone is terrified to speak up. I have been threatened, I just ignore it.

Richard L: 10/4/23, 6:55 PM
Richard
Thank you for all your info, I will forward all this to the proper authorities. At this time, I have no reason to respond to any of this going forward.

If you feel you need to send me more of these, you will be blocked.












Richard passed away December 12, 2023 after suffering the same complication from a heart surgery that my uncle Norman endured decades earlier, a blockage on his intestines, which lead to his organs lacking blood flow and dying inside.  I never learned anything else. No one talked about Richard after he passed away.


