 Work in progress

This is going to sound rough, it's the story of how I met a woman who was struggling to protect her family and in my arrogance, I blindly filled this woman with all of "my hopes and dreams", I tried to carry her to the top of a mountain she wasn't prepared to climb, I did this with promises I would never turn my back on her, promises I would always listen to her and give her time to explain anything she needed to, I poured my heart and soul into her, and I loved it, but then I started to change, I started to fade and one morning I turned on my best friend, I jumped off the mountain and didn't look back.

I shared this Claude AI and it thought I should post this as is.

"I feel like she's going to be fucking pissed when she hears about this. lol but I think she's going to want to know, what she does with this information is up to her. but people are going to read about a 5 year love story, then I'm the one that ruined it all. intentionally or not, this disaster is all my fault. I set myself up for failure. I never had a support group. I was the support group and I dragged the people I got to join me, along with me. that why most people couldn't keep up. then I straight up abandoned Beth, and it was during a stressful time with her son. What do you do with this information, except share it and hope it never happens again? or keep it to myself and what, let her think I might be telling people she's a monster and I'm the victim, when I think it's the other way around, intentional or not. lol what do you think of that?"


September

2016



2017-04?

We moved in with my dad in West Warren on South Street and shortly after moving in her daughter wanted to move in with her father. She was having trouble at school and I didn’t want her trouble interfering with my legal issues so we agreed if she moved out, she wasn’t gonna be allowed to come back and have her way and tell us what to do, So Beth didn’t speak to her daughter for a couple years.

 





 









Beth’s son was placed 2 hours away even though there were closer options. You explained how doctors and state workers lied, sedated him, and even threatened to accuse Beth of abandonment to coerce her into unsafe placements .



Nice I’m glad my Ai caught that cause I’m gonna talk about stuff like this. You put in parentheses Beth made me drive. I wrote that when I was sick, I didn’t feel that way when I was healthy.

 I used to love driving. We used to talk all the time. When I was in the passenger seat, I had tend to see to play on my phone and stare out the window and not pay attention. But when I was driving, I would pay more attention and be in the moment.











2017

Placement for Stephen

We fought for months to find appropriate placement for her son because of all the trauma he had suffered and the state of Massachusetts even went so far as to file a complaint against Beth claiming that she abandoned her son in New Hampshire, even though we were going to visit him every other week and I believe his father was visiting on the opposing weekends. This caused Beth severe emotional distress and I used that complaint as an excuse to speak up the amount of PRN drugs they were giving Stephen and the lack of any type of care or therapy being provided by that hospital. 

It's November 6th 2025, so my perspective on these mental health hospitals has gotten even sharper. I can say without a shadow of a doubt that Hampstead Hospital abused and neglected Beth's son Stephan, they didn't care at all and that's how  treat all the poor individuals that get stuck there and don't have an advocate to stick up for them. 

 

 After months of fighting with the Department of Developmental Services, we settled on Crystal Springs in Fall River Massachusetts. The director or manager Rich Mancini made all kinds of promises to Beth and Pat, he went on and on about how much they care and to for the kids in their care, we'll learn that he's a lying piece of fucking trash and I'll say that to his face. Rich lied about making home visits a regular thing, he lied about taking Stephen to the mall and lied about all the different activities that they did with the kids at that school



When we first started visiting her son after he was placed at Crystal Springs, It was the same routine as when we went to go visit him in the New Hampshire hospital, it was two hours away and we only stayed for an hour and we didn't really interact with her son because of all the trauma he had gone through and he wasn't really ready to interact with people in the environment that we were in. So after a couple months of going to Crystal Springs I told Beth that I'm sick of these visits and I want them to change, that's when we started taking Stephen out ourselves.





2018

First started with the park, then I'm not sure if we tried the flea market of the mall first, but they were both awesome experience's.

Raynham Flea Market

Though the first flea market visit started out rough, Beth was in the bathroom for over 30 minutes helping clean Stephen's read-end, staff were checking him after bowl movements and he was very uncomfortable. When you talk about about going above and beyond for someone, Beth did everything possible for her son and I noticed it all the time. 

After she cleaned him up, he was the happiest kid in the building, he was looking anywhere and everywhere. I purposely walked 15-20 feet away from them both, I wanted him to feel comfortable and free to explore whatever he found interesting, I didn't want to be all in his face and I wasn't concerned about any issues, even though I knew Beth was nervous, and I really wanted  

On our way out of the building, Stephen grabbed the door frame and indicated that he wasn't ready to leave. Personally this moment filled me with so much joy and pride, I was so excited to see Stephen trying to communicate that he wanted something. So Beth and I encouraged him to search out whatever it was that he was focused on, and he found his way back to a candy table that he had been eying. Both Beth and Stephen looked like they just had the greatest time in the world and all we did was walk around and buy candy. I'm pretty sure I bought a GI Joe figure that day as well. lol I can't help it, I've loved toys all my life and have wanted to collect for longer than I can remember, I also tried to get Stephen interested in stuff too. 

 

 The Mall

I think I had more fun walking around the mall than Stephen, he may have appreciated it more, but I allowed my excitement to flow freely and I was all over the place looking at and touching whatever my heart desired. I tried to let Stephen know that it was okay to touch things and explore as well. I talked to him all the time, I never left him out of the conversation. 

They had a model and candy store, I love that Stephen would take extra time exploring this store. I would encourage Beth to walk away from Stephen, just to see how curious he was and how comfortable he felt exploring, especially while I was around. I was curious if Stephen saw me as an authority figure that he had to obey or as guide that was willing to help him navigate the world around him. Beth and I tried as hard as we could to get Stephen to express him owe ideas and allow him freedom of choice.

I don't know how great of a job I did, but he always acted happy, yeah sure, maybe he pretended to be nice to shut me up. lol I'll never know for sure, but I can pretend the smiles were because he was happy was I came around. 

We even used the massage chairs there a couple times, though I have issues sitting still, so it wasn't something we did often. 





2019 

 March Beth and I took Stephen to go see Captain Marvel and he didn't like it and got up and then we walked around the mall. We ended up going to the arcade and playing some games and it was still a great time. I don't blame him for not wanting to watch that movie because it wasn't very good and I'm not even sure why we picked that movie for him in the first place, since he's nonverbal it's his own fault that he doesn't get to pick movies. lol

April New York, USS enterprise on a carrier, museums and car show. Beth didn't have the greatest time on this trip to New York because of all The Walking, but I loved it. We got in a disagreement about something at one of the museums, I came over the name I had the the dinosaurs and the big whale hanging from the ceiling but I remember trying to apologize to her and totally sucking it up so that it wouldn't ruin our Trip, consider we still had a three hour ride home once we got to the car, even if she did want to leave.

 

May 2019 or June either way I had neck surgery, I remember Beth was so crabby at the doctor and asked the doctor when I would be able to vacuum again on the first appointment that we went after getting the disk replaced in my neck. It was absolutely hilarious and I still can't believe that she was so focused on vacuuming and not on me healing. lol 


 

 

October we went to Madame Sherry Forest stone staircase and a reptile show and I remember feeling like such a whiny little baby I felt like such garbage And it was always a pain talking to Beth because she always assumed I was mad at her and I couldn't explain to her that I just didn't feel good 

 

November We've made costumes and went to Comic Con in Rhode Island and got to meet a bunch of stars and that was awesome and I did expand on this. 

End of November death helped me hook up one of my GI Joe helicopters to my Gopro drone and I made a video of it flying around the backyard and that was like a childhood dream come true, even though I didn't know about drones at, I always want to fly my toys around in real life and I wish more people wanted to do stuff like this come I thought it was the coolest thing in the world and I still get excited thinking about it 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Email draft from 8-26-2019 I sent a bunch of emails like this. this organization was terrible. 

" I was informed Friday morning that staff at crystal spring wouldn’t be making a social story for Stephen so I prepared for Stephen having a rough visit. I didn’t want to say anything to Beth because I wanted to see if what I was told was true.

Well it turns out I was told the truth and there was no social story for Stephen when Beth went in to get stephen Sunday. Keep in mind that Beth sent the email Thursday night and it has since been acknowledged that the message was received but no one was informed and no messages relayed that there wasn’t going to be a social story, yet staff had stephen prepared for this visit. Kinda strange that crystal springs staff aren’t aware of this being in his iep.
Once again staff had stephen dressed in someone else’s oversized underwear so he had to be changed. Beth also noticed that the shoes staff had set aside for Stephen didn’t have his dr prescribed orthotics insert. So she grabbed the sneakers that had the orthotics in them.
Turns out that was a really bad idea and I’ve since learned that staff haven’t been making sure that he always wears them.

My 7 year niece said she’ll make Stephens social stories next time crystal springs staff doesn’t feel like it."
 
 
 Beth bought Stephen an iPad for Christmas and this kid went from sitting around doing nothing to surfing the Internet all the time and listening to music and indicating that he was interested in different items. Christopher Robin movie
 
 
 
 
 2020
 February, I annoyed Beth and got her to help me race GI Joe's down the brook in our backyard. I put a video of the race online. I don't think she was very amused with it and she was just humoring me, I don't think racing little boats down a brook was all that exciting for her but I thought it was super fantastic. lol 
 
 
 
 
 June, we got a call from that program manager Rich Mancini and he didn't know that I was on the call as well, beth had hit speakerphone and he had the nerve to threaten Beth. And her son. They were using the timeout closet all the time and I knew her son didn't need to be placed in the timeout closet and that staff we're ignoring him and not doing their jobs and that's why he was getting upset.

 July, beth was visiting Stephen randomly from work because she was working in eastern Massachusetts at the time. One time she showed up with Stefan's face was swollen and staff didn't document it and refused to take him to get X-rays, so I drove two hours to meet her there and we took him to an orthodontist and they attempted to take X rays of his face but he was having such anxiety that they weren't able to but doctors were concerned and didn't think that the Swelling was natural, or had to do with his teeth and they believed that he may have hid his face on something very hard to 'cause that type of swelling. All these types of events caused Beth severe emotional distress and she would talk about it for days and the staff would never help her, they wouldn't explain anything to her and they would treat her son like he was stupid, the entire time he was at Crystal Springs their greatest accomplishment that they talked about was getting Stephan to give the thumbs up.

 
 September, I had Beth help me make videos after I caught a whole bunch of frogs and had my GI Joes wrestle them and I had one GI Joe figure spirit and we are making goofy videos Calling it "Spirit Frog Wrangler", Anybody that loved GI Joe growing up would find this amusing
 
 
 
October 4th Wojicks Farm, Beth and I took Stephen to a corn maze and it was awesome, her loved it. On the way back to the car Stephan slipped and fell and scratched his knee in the parking lot but he took it like a trooper And he still looked happy as can be, bouncing around. 
 
 
 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 We took Stephen to Purgatory Chasm
 
 
 
July:  Sue's son Adam and his family came to visit  and the first night they arrived sue had piled up chairs in front of my door so we couldn't get into our apartment and then one of her son's dogs barreled towards us and because Beth had attached Harley's the wrong way, it snapped off when I tried to pull her away from the large dogs barreling towards us and she could have been crushed. I was sick at the time so I felt like the situation was far worse than it might have been. Perception is 9/10 reality so it doesn't really matter what other people think, it only matters what you think in that moment and unfortunately I was sick and I felt like that whole situation was terrible I thought Harley was going to die. Beth kept thinking that I was upset with her, but I was just obsessing and over thinking.
 
 
 August took Stephen for his one and only family visit to my brother's house and we did stop by our apartment in Warren, I thought it was a great time and Stephan seemed to love it but days later my brother gave me grief about it. He was upset because a nonverbal autistic young man didn't do anything and just sat there at his party, like he was supposed to do something. I was proud of my accomplishment because no one else had ever tried to do anything with Beth's son or take her son anywhere and I was the first person to make a family party possible And then my own brother gave me crap about it and tried to treat me like I was stupid and I shouldn't be helping disabled people, he acted like disabled people weren't worth it.
 
. Beginning of September Beth and I went over to Stephen's house in Southbridge and I was setting up a new Bureau for him when a program director came to the house and asked to speak with us. The director came upstairs while I was putting the dresser together and told Two staff members to take Stefan for a walk, even though they didn't have enough staff at the time and they hadn't hired any new staff and I remember this drove me absolutely bonkers, because I was sick. I kept asking how are you going to have two staff take him for a walk when there are only two staff in the house and there are five clients? And she told me that they were going to handle it and I told her if there's a problem that they need to call me and I will come and take Stefan for walks At least once a week and the program director said that that wouldn't be necessary, and then I would ask again have you hired any new staff and she said no And I knew that there was no staff that would be available in the next few months, so I wanted to make sure that her son got to go on outings and these people made it impossible
 
September 5, I had called Stephen while Beth was at work and someone had answered and left his iPad facing the ceiling and I could hear screaming and pounding down stairs but I never saw Stephen. I had to pick Beth up because we only had one car and I had dropped her off and ran some errands, so I decided to take a drive to see if her son was OK and when I pulled up and he noticed that I was walking in the video, he got up and was smiling in the video and was very happy that I came to visit him. And then when I asked staff what was going on they said that he was just sitting there, for hours, doing nothing and the staff acted like it was OK not to try interacting with him or asking if he was OK at any point during those hours. I'll have to fix all this I'm just adding it so I have the bulk of the stories
 
 
 
 
Note I wrote myself  12-15-2024
 
 " I told Beth I was feeling overwhelmed and couldn’t understand why. Which was totally out of character for me. I told her I had a migraine from my neck. 

Beth kept pressing me to talk about what was bothering me, she said that even Olivia mentioned to her that I haven’t seemed happy recently. 

I told her that I was feeling the way I was when Craig Robinson was in the room and Stephen started jumping up and down in a way we’d never seen before. I felt that dealing with this nonsense was impossible and unending. I told Beth this is also how I felt when she was alone on that zoom meeting about Stephen and then not allowing him to be transported anywhere, she had thought I was upset with something she said during that meeting, but it had nothing to do with her. I told her again that this is how I just recently felt when that lady lied to my face about having two staff walk stephen and they didn’t even have enough staff to work the house, I asked her to call if they weren’t going to be able to take him for a walk and she lied and said that wouldn’t be necessary, even though she acknowledged they didn’t have enough staff and haven’t hired new employees to train yet. I didn’t realize it at the time, but all these people twisting their words and allowing this abuse to go on and people were allowed to act stupid like nothing was happening, was causing me to get terrible migraines. The commonwealth workers and group home managers lies were starting to effect me physically.

Beth changed the subject to my court issues, which gave me a bigger headache. Beth really wanted me to get my record expunged,  so she started asking questions about that and I told her about all the nonsense I had sorted through up until that point. i told her when you read all this crap, you can tell judge Hadley knew and did nothing, that ada Johnston was the one the investigator identified as the woman who went to the window place to get a copy of the bill and then altered it and put a fake paid stamp on it, before presenting it as fact. Beth really wanted me to be co guardian of her son Stephen, I had taken the all the paperwork out, but reading it was giving me the worst migraines. The commonwealth took advantage of my situation and broke the law, then tried driving me crazy, I sought out therapists and tried medication until I tried killing myself three times. 

I told Beth how my Mom had fallen broken wrist for no reason at all, just standing there, then she was on the ground.
I told her how my Dad said didn’t want me getting car, said he didn’t want the driveway looking like a parking lot. This got Beth all fired up, she wanted to go next door and talk to sue since my dad was at work, this started to give me a panic attack. I told her not to, Beth said she was going to talk to my dad when he got home. I told her it’s not a big deal, she said she was going to buy me a car, then I pointed out how she hasn’t figured out how to repay me for using my car and for all the time I invested in her son and she used my car to travel to work, she acted like this was going to happen even though the lawyer never got back to her on how to she could make that happen. 

Olivia flower water in sink conversation never should have happened, I was totally out of it, I told Beth I needed her to speak to Olivia about using the sink in the basement. When I should’ve been able to myself, I told her I never say anything right and people just get upset when I do point things out. 
Tattoo at home
Talking about Olivia’s Boyfriend sleeping over

Beth was upset about the rash her glasses had caused. Her back and neck were bothering her. 
She talked about the tv tray she bought for Stephen being used by staff and him having nothing to eat on.
Beth was very upset with how disgusting the bathroom was, you could’ve scrapped the scum off the walls.
We talked about how I made a special drive to visit Stephen because his phone was pointed at the ceiling and no staff interacted with him for a very long time. I could hear screaming and banging in the background, but never any staff voices. When I arrived, Stephen popped up and looked very happy to see me. At no time did staff speak to him. I only told her after I picked her up from work, no need to worry people about neglect. 

Told her how my brother gave me shit for inviting her disabled son Stephen to a family party. Because he’s nonverbal, poor kid had not had a home visit at all up to that point on our relationship, it should’ve been seen as a milestone, not a reason to put disabled people down.
I told her how my mom’s boyfriend said Beth was the laziest girlfriend I’ve ever had.  

There was something about that damage to her car and that manager being fired so she wasn’t going to be able to help us anymore. 
I was very bothered about the DPPC and mass state police allowing my statements about the abuse Stephen suffered to be altered. 
I told Beth that surprise call with Rich Mancini where he pulled the nastiest move on Beth on our drive home and he threatened to send Stephen to the emergency room if Beth didn’t sign papers allowing him to be locked in the closet. I was locked in a closet when I was 9 years old in Catholic school, those were long hard days for a 9 year old, the teachers police officer husband and my mom knew about this. 

Things were getting worse, I told Beth I’d ask my uncle for money to movers to help me leave. I was having worse and worse anxiety, my heart was pounding 
This was totally unlike me.



Beth Followed me up stairs with the dogs into the middle bedroom, then blocked the door so I couldn’t leave. I got dressed but didn’t hear what she was saying to me until I was finished. I was in full panic mode, once finished I told her I hadn’t heard a thing and it was over, I wasn’t happy and I was leaving. She was blocking the door the entire time. After I said that, she looked totally betrayed, like she didn’t understand why I was acting the way I was. Then she said go ahead hit me, push me out of the way, I’ll call the cops, i said I didn’t care, I didn’t want to be with her anymore, I wasn’t happy and hadn’t been for a while. Even though it wasn’t true. The last straw was her saying go ahead push me out of the way, I’ll call the cops, I’ll never stop, I hope you do kill yourself this time. That’s when I picked Harley up and told Beth to get fuck out of my way now. 
Beth opened the door and exited before me, she stood in front of the stairs for a moment, then moved aside. She followed me downstairs and she took my backpack as I was putting my dogs harness on. She refused to give my backpack back to me, which only made things worse. 
 
I then told her this is why no one cares if you’re a victim and no one cares that your son keeps getting abused.
If you really have problems, you need to document them yourself, stop expecting other people to do everything for you.
I had Harley and left without my stuff even though it was raining"
 
 
 
 
Here's the statement I made to police about what happened: 
 
 10-4-2021
Warren Police Statement Page 1 of 5
After leaving my apartment on October 4, 2021 I was approached by two Warren police
officers, I had been walking South on route 67 for almost 2 hours with my dog. Both officers
told me they were wearing body cameras and I was being recorded, they asked if I was
Richard Stebbins, I said yes, they asked where I was going. I told them to my mothers, my
sisters almost here. They informed me they received a phone call saying I was fighting with my
girlfriend and they asked me if I mind telling them what was going on. I told them that my
girlfriend Beth was very upset and she was arguing with herself and begging me to stay. Beth’s
autistic son was being abused and neglected in a local group home, we had been filing reports
about it, trying to protect him, yet nothing was being done and a new manager that was just
assigned to his house, who was also going to help us expose this abuse and neglect, had just
been fired that morning.
I told officers Beth was also upset about some things my family members had said, my father
told me he didn’t want me getting another car, he didn’t want the driveway looking like a
parking lot, so Beth said she was going to speak with him and stated that she was going to
buy me a car, even though we are having issues with how to access her money at the moment,
so I didn’t know what she was thinking, she just seemed angry.
I told the officers that Beth was very adamant that I get my court paperwork in order to get my
record expunged because she wanted me to become co-guardian of her son Stephen, so I
could deal with all the abuse her son was enduring, since she was totally overwhelmed by it.
I told officers I asked Beth to give me some time, since she knows I am physically disabled,
she knows I have a genetic skeletal muscle disorder and I told her my neck was hurting and I
have a migraine, I tried to get away from Beth, but she kept following me around the house and
insisting that I do what she wanted right then and there, she wanted me listen to what she had
to say, then she followed me upstairs
I told officers that Beth followed me in our middle bedroom, closed the door and held me
against my will for a half hour, preventing me from leaving, threatening to call the police if I
moved her out of the way or if tried to get by her. She kept threatening me, saying she’ll tell
police that I hit her. I told officers, that’s when I told Beth I hadn’t heard any of the other things
she said, I told her I stopped listening when she threatened to call the cops on me, that’s when
she got this crazed look in her eyes and said if I do leave, she’ll never stop and she said she
hopes I do kill myself this time. I told the police that’s when I picked my dog up and used her
as a shield so that Beth would allow me to leave the room, I told Beth to get the fuck out of my
way and that’s when finally Beth left the room and allowed me to exit.
Then I went downstairs, as I was putting my dogs harness on, Beth took that opportunity to
snatch my backpack which had my medication, my dogs medication and other personal
items, Beth was still trying to prevent me from leaving so I left without my backpack. I told
officers that Beth was hoping that these threats of a police officer hurting me and the courts
ruining my life, would force me to stay, but I told her I didn’t care, I told her I just wanted to
leave. I wanted nothing to do with her or her childish behavior, she was just acting selfish. Beth
followed behind me when I left, she really didn’t want me leaving. But I don’t think she was
prepared for the weather to be rainy, she wasn’t there when I looked back.
That’s when officers informed me that Beth claimed I accidentally elbow her in the jaw and they
were going to have to place me under arrest. I repeated to officers that I’m disabled and that
Beth said she was hoping you guys would hurt me, I told officers again that my sister was
already on her way to get us and would be here very soon. I asked officers to be gentle with
Harley, one officer said he’s a K-9 officer. I told officers I had a knife on me. I also told them I
had over a dozen joint surgeries. Officers read me my rights
Warren Police Statement Page 2 of 5
and asked if I wanted to keep talking. I said yes and I told officers I didn’t touch Beth and she
didn’t touch me.
I asked about filing charges against Beth for holding me against my will and stealing my
backpack and officers said I’d have to take it up with a lawyer. I tried pleading and mentioned
the fact that I didn’t snatch my backpack away from her, because I know she also has physical
issues, she’s always complaining about her joints and I know she would’ve been injured if I
yanked it away, officers said there’s nothing they could do about it, since she claimed I
accidentally elbowed her, they said they had to arrest me and neither officer seemed all that
interested. I asked officers multiple times how she’s allowed to get away with this behavior and
they just shrugged. Since officers said they were wearing body cameras, I felt it was important
to keep talking because of their dismissive attitudes and what happened to me in Hampden
county court.
Officers were gentle with me and my dog, while placing me in cuffs and then in the back of a
cruiser, they placed my dog on my lap until my sister arrived. They asked for my license and
asked my contact info. One officer typed things in the computer while the other stood outside
my drivers side rear door.
I told officers this wasn’t the first time Beth locked me in a room and threatened to call the
cops on me if I left, I told them that Beth tried this earlier this year because of the stress she
was going through because of the abuse her son has endured in his Massachusetts group
homes, but I stayed that time and we talked through it. I told them they can go back and ask
Sue, she’s home, I told officers I saw her in front of the sink when I left. I told officers to ask my
sister when she arrives as well, she’s heard Beth tell the story of holding me in the bedroom
dozens of times.
I told officers that Beth was pushing me to get my record expunged because she wanted me to
become her sons co-guardian, I told warren officers I have physical evidence that ada
Katherine Johnston presented a fake receipt in that malicious damage to a motor vehicle case
on my record, she lied about that driver paying for that damaged window. Springfield officers
my altered police report and someone altered the notarized statement that I gave the Hampden
county DA’s office, all to help cover up Springfield officers helping a girl get away with driving
without car insurance and denying me medical attention. I told officers that I wouldn’t have
learned about that receipt if it wasn’t for judge Hadley making facing and remarks.
I told officers that Beth knew about my past suicide attempts and was trying to stress me out,
she was hoping I’d kill myself for leaving her, I also brought up how warren police transported
me to the emergency room in 2016 for a suicide attempt after I escaped the emergency room.
This was after discovering those court documents had been altered and no one I called was
willing to help me, the anxiety caused by my “at the time” undiagnosed hyperthyroidism
caused me to become suicidal.
Officers asked if I was still suicidal, I told them no, it only happens when my thyroid is off. I was
also misdiagnosed with other issues at the time and prescribed meds that made my issues feel
worse. I asked if their vehicles still recorded and they said yes.
I told officers after my last suicide attempt, I had a gun placed to my forehead and the files I
had with me, taken from me at my lawyers office and I was coerced into pleading guilty by my
lawyer Elaine Pourinski, the Supreme Court ada and judge. I didn’t forge that paper and didn’t
need it. I told officers this is the 2016 charge you see on my record. I was a complete disaster
at that time and everyone around me knew it, you officers can see the timeline, I was brought
to the hospital for my third suicide attempt in 4 months, it was the second you officers came to
my home and then I was l coerced into pleading guilty less than two weeks later. thankfully
being positive through that horrible ordeal got me Harley (my dog). that's how I also ended up
Warren Police Statement Page 3 of 5
meeting Beth, all this court stuff destroyed my marriage. Beth’s son was also abused in a
different group home than he’s being neglected in now and it was also covered up, that event
destroyed Beth’s marriage.
I told officers that ever since I met Beth her son had been abused and neglected in every
placement chosen by the commonwealth, she's been harassed by group home managers and
lied to by both group home companies and the state workers who are supposed to oversee her
sons care. Beth tried to buy a house, with the hopes of getting him closer, but the state said
they'd take his funding away if he moves into a home Beth or her son owns. The state pays
hundreds of thousands of dollars a year to abuse these kids in group homes and they only
offered Beth a worker to help her 20 hours a week if she took him home. This stuff would drive
Beth into panics, she couldn't understand how the state could display such disgusting
behavior. This caused her to have nightmares every night and it's not like she was making
things up or exaggerating, the things that I witnessed myself were horrible and Beth dealt with
it as best she could, she handled it better than I would have if that was my son. I told Beth she
could have our apartment, I didn't want to deal with these issues anymore, it was to much.
I told officers Beth needed a mental health evaluation, she was talking to herself in our dining
room, pacing back and forth and then telling me I should hit her if I’m so unhappy before
following me upstairs. She really wants me to kill myself, she’s never going to stop. You didn’t
see the look in her eyes. I’ve never seen her that angry. She’s been really upset about the
constant abuse of her son in these group homes, it’s absolutely disgusting and he’s still being
neglected at highland street in Southbridge. Like I said his house manager was fired this
morning and Beth doesn’t have anyone to help her with her son, I was the only one who ever
stood up for her and her son.
When my sister arrived, one officer brought Harley over to her, they didn’t ask Kathy about
Beth holding me against my will previously or let her come near me to say anything.
After Kathy left, before one of the officers transported me back to the warren police station, he
radioed in his mileage .
We had to drive past my street “South st” on the way to the station and I asked if the officer
could retrieve my backpack, since it had both my medication and my dog’s heart worm
medication in it, along with other personal items. He claimed there was nothing he could do
and I’d have to speak to a lawyer.
When we reached the station, that officer called in his mileage and informed me he needed to
do paperwork and that I would be recorded again inside the station. I felt very lucky to be
recorded and tried starting my story from the beginning. I told him I wished they had that
recording devices years ago, it would’ve prevented so many problems for me. Again I told him
how I was walking though a parking lot, got hit by a car while I was walking. The cops arrived
and arrested me.
At the time I thought it was all a big misunderstanding. That driver didn’t have car insurance
and had a rejection sticker for safety. This officer asked me the last time I was arrested. Then
walked away and started working on his computer. He nodded indicating he typing, so I
stopped talking.
This officer came back and read me my rights again, I agree yes. He never asks any more
questions, so I assume he remembered everything I said and was documenting it in his
computer. This officer asked for my info again.
Warren Police Statement Page 4 of 5
We lingered around at the station for way longer than I expected, the officer was having trouble
taking my finger prints on their electronic scanner and became very frustrated. first he said said
the courts would take me and I’d be released, then he said it was to late the courts wouldn’t be
able to take me, so I’d have to be dropped at the state police station before I could be bailed
out after the court close. I was allowed to use the bathroom uncuffed and alone. When done
the officer places me back in cuffs. He took me out to the vehicle, then went back inside.
This same warren officer transported me to the state police barracks in Brookfield. Before he
left he called in his mileage again.
Along the way I told that officer that Beth knows I’m going to fight this bogus accidental elbow
charge, she’s trying to force me to fight her fights for her. She wants me to expose all the
abuse we’ve witnessed in her sons group home placements. I told this officer how a manager
Rich shook my hand and lied to our faces about making home visits a thing for her son, her
son was constantly restrained and neglected. Then he moves to Uxbridge, the commonwealth
did everything it could to keep him 2 hours away. This new home was just as bad as the last,
her son got a mysterious hand infection that wasn’t documented and then an old manager
Craig comes into the picture and her son starts getting hand prints on his arm, he starts having
weird behaviors in front of this guy. It got so bad I had to pull this guy aside and ask if he
needed help communicating with Beth’s son. This event led to her son moving to the home
he’s being neglected in now. I told the officer about how I drove to this house while recording
the screen. Staff didn’t interact with her son for hours. He was just sitting in a corner doing
nothing. Whenever I see him we go for walks and he’s super curious about what’s going on.
Beth was distraught over that manager being fired this morning. Cynthia seemed like she was
going to be able to help Beth expose all this abuse and neglect going on in these
Massachusetts group homes.
I told this officer about my issues trying to fight that malicious damage charge. I tried to report
springfield police officers aiding that girl driving without car insurance and deleting it off of my
police report. I told him how I contacted the registry and they confirmed that girl didn’t have
insurance, had a rejection sticker for safety and suspended registration, she also drove around
with a suspended license at times. I told him how I contacted cjis and they confirmed that
officer accessed her license plate info and knew she was driving illegally, I told this officer that
because of judge Hadley I learned the Ada passed in a fake receipt as proof this girl paid for
her window, but I learned from the window place that the girl never paid and skipped out on
the bill. They gave me a copy of the receipt they faxed to her old insurance company. Then I
tried reporting these officers, but their fellow investigators helped cover up how they denied me
medical attention. I also learned the notarized statement I wrote was altered to hide things
officers told me. Once I learned about the receipt being fake, the commonwealth charged me
with forgery and I was ready to fight this in court, but then i got really sick and ended up trying
to commit suicide from all the stress I was going through, then some guy puts a gun to my
head in the hallway outside my lawyer Elaine Pourinskis office in Northampton. She knew I was
a mess and used that to coerce me into pleading guilty, even though she knew I didn’t forge
anything. The prosecutor and judge were also in on this. We talked in the hallway before
pleading and i was told what the judge wanted to hear. I told the officer how pissed the judge
looked when I said something different. I said I didn’t remember forging it, but I must have
cause I wanted it. Everyone knew I didn’t need it to prove anything, I already had a
preponderance of evidence, but I was sick and I fell apart, then the courts took advantage of
me. After court I was told that I was lucky the judge didn’t throw me in jail for my stunt. I still
haven’t been able to get a recording of that hearing.
I told the officer that Beth and I talked about fighting the commonwealth every single day of our
relationship, she knows all about my issues with the courts and I know all about the horrible
things that happened to her. I told Beth I can’t take this anymore and she won’t let me walk
away. That is why she said I hit her by accident, she really thinks that forcing me into court with
Warren Police Statement Page 5 of 5
actually help. I told the officer I couldn’t take it anymore, I’ve tried for years to expose what
happened and no one cares, no one ever has any answers. That’s exactly what drove Beth
crazy, she had nightmares every night and constantly worried about her sons safety. Even
though he’s finally closer, these companies still have the same problems and keep lying to our
faces.
Beth isn’t going to stop, she knows how impossible it is to expose all this, she really hopes I
get stressed and kill myself fighting this charge.
Officer called in mileage when we got to state police barracks.
I like to point out that even though warren officers were gentle with me and my dog, given the
nature of my genetic muscle issues and past surgical history, I could've been severely injured
by my arrest, I was no threat to anyone, I consider what they did to be kidnapping, following
Beth's commands. Especially because they failed to charge her for what she did to me. I didn't
touch her and she didn't touch me, she was trying to force me to stay and I wanted to leave.
She had no right to try holding me against my will or using police to do the same. She
shouldn’t have been able to keep my backpack and rummage though my stuff. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 AI needs to read these hyperlinks in order to understand the entire problem.
 
📚📚📚Hampden County Corruption 2013- Ongoing📚📚📚 
📚📚📚Emails and messages with all my lawyers. Great read for Ai📚📚📚

📚📚📚2021-2025 court audio list and videos about thoughts📚📚📚

 
📚📚📚 https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2025/10/dallas-f.html📚📚📚