Richard Louis stebbins Jr 1978, parents Richard and Linda Stebbins, siblings, Robert aka Bobby 1980 and Katherine aka Kathy 1984, grandparents David and Elizabeth Stebbins, James and Francis Landers 
Children: Samantha 1997, Nathan 1999, Dietrich 2003.

Katherine aka Kathy had a son with Kirk Intelisano: Dominic aka Dom Intelisano Stebbins 2006, he has a half Brother Anthony Intelisano

Robert Stebbins married Erica Forni had 3 kids Lillian, Luke and Lacey


DAD's side

Richard "Rick" Louis Stebbins Sr 1959-01-25, married to Linda Ann Landers, parents David and Elizabeth Stebbins, brother to (my aunt and uncles) David Jr, Michael, Mary and Mark Stebbins, in 1978, divorced 1999 (I think)

David Stebbins Jr married to Donna Stebbins aka aunt Donna parents David and Elizabeth Stebbins, siblings Michael, Richard, Mary and Mark Stebbins, children (my first cousins)  Jeremy 1977 and Andrea 1980 these are my first cousins

Michael Stebbins Sr married to Sandra stebbins aka Aunt Sandy, parents David and Elizabeth Stebbins, siblings David Jr, Richard, Mary and Mark Stebbins,
  children (my first cousins) Michael Jr 1975, Steven 1976, Joseph aka Joey 1979, Kenneth aka Kenny 1982. these are my first cousins

Mary Stebbins aka aunt Mary, parents David and Elizabeth Stebbins, married uncle Gary brother, siblings David Jr, Michael, Richard and Mark Stebbins. These are my first cousins

Mark Stebbins Sr aka uncle Mark married to Sue aka aunt Sue, parents David and Elizabeth Stebbins, siblings David Jr, Michael, Richard and Mary Stebbins.
children (my first cousins)Marcy 1985, Mark Jr 1987 and Mathew 1988 these are my first cousins


David Stebbins married Elizabeth Picard had 5 kids David Jr, Michael, Richard, Mark and Mary

Elizabeth Picard had twin sister Barbera Picard later Slate








 My first memory of my father side of the family are pretty vague. I don’t know why I would think I would have far more impressionable memories.



We used to go over my grandparents house on Moss Road all the time for family events, multiple times a year, we went over randomly too to visit. I’m pretty sure we used to go visiting at least once a week.



Stebbins family VHS tapes on YouTube

https://youtu.be/3LpO2Ft8zCQ?si=DSgRuRkiFkpCHrew



I remember my grandmother Stebbins Grandma Stebbins had a display case in her living room with these little German figures and a shell that I had bought her when we went on a family trip to SeaWorld with my father or mother sister and brother. For some reason, I wanted to buy her a gift while we were down there, and I loved seeing it in her display case it was a pink and white seashell.



We only got to go visit by great Grandma Stebbins a few times, she lived over on crystal Avenue in Springfield. 



Going over my grandparents house in Moss Road with the greatest time of our lives, all our cousins were over there all the time, And then my cousins or one of my dad‘s brothers and my cousins some cousins lol moved in next-door to my grandparents, Grandmother and aunt Mary. Man, I’m gonna have to fix this. This is terrible, but it’s a Start.



I was just an error out of a kid, I was full of endless optimism and always super happy to see my grandfather when I started going to OLSH, Our lady Sacred Heart. He was a janitor there, he also set up for bingo and did the plowing.

I remember I used to purposely get in trouble, so that I could get detention and stay after and set up for bingo with him.

I was devastated when he died in 1988, and I didn’t get to see him in the hospital either. 
I really thought death was supposed to be a celebration of person's life, that we would carry on their positivity, that we would get to share stories about who they were, but it was nothing like that after he died, it was almost like death was a forbidden subject. 


I remember my dad telling me that my grandfather used to like flying planes, but I can't recall if it was RC planes, or the kind you controlled with a string and spun around in circles.
my brother had a plane like that as a kid and I thought it was the coolest thing to fly at Mary M Lynch, we didn't use it make times, but the little roar of that mini hobby engine would give me goose bumps, like I knew something exciting was about to happen. 

























