

 I thought it might be easier to share my memories of an entire generation of my family, instead of focusing on one person at a time.
I’m not sure where this picture was taken, Canada or New York. 


Back of the photo says: 
My mother standing- center Jennie Burnett
My grandfather sitting on the left Nelson Burnett
My grandmother sitting on the right Julie Burnett 
Francis Landers





Francis Landers Born Francis Gero in New York 
 Son Chet Gero, Daughter Linda Ann Landers 1960-02-24
 

Marcell Gero (Giroux) born January 1879- died 1952 

& 

Jennie Burnett born 1988, died 1932




Fred~~~~~July1, 1907

I can't remember if it was Uncle Fred or Uncle R that the family never heard from ever again, And they always wondered what happened to him. 

Raymond~~~Dec 28,1908

Harry`~~~~Sept 1, 1910
Harold~~~ Sept 1,1910

 

Mable~~~~~~May 15, 1912

Flossie G Patrie  May 3,1914, died December 2, 2007 
Married to Art Patrie 1919 died March 23, 1983

- Daughter Eleanor Casey son Norman Richard Brusseau 

- Had another son so died in a car accident. 


Leo N. Gero born February 24,1916 ,died October 3, 2006

Carl~~~~~~~~Dec 4,1917

Pearl E. Barnard    Oct 24, 1919  Died November 6-2005
son's Joe and Emerson 
10-battery-st-2_plattsburgh-ny-12901

Maude~~~ November 8,1921 died November 8, 2008

Louis Carl~~~Oct 13, 1923

Victor    June 10,1926


Frances Landers ~~Jan 25,1928 died August 28, 2003

Son  Chet Gero, Daughter Linda Stebbins 

Richard Norman Gero- but we called him uncle Norman-  May 24, 1930, Died June 16, 2002

 Three of the clippings in the picture below are about my Auntie Flossie's son Arthur J Manor jr, he died in a car accident when he was 20 years old. the family talked about him my entire life, Aunt Flossie, Ellie and cousin Norman were totally traumatized by this event. And now reading the article below, reading the gruesome details and seeing that the driver got a $200 fine, I can see why they were so traumatized.

Cousin Norman even gave Junior's broken guitar, someone sat one it decades ago and it's obvious no one was going to fix it properly, so he thought I would want it. lol

I think Billy was the one who tried to fix it and did a half assed job with some paneling and glue, it's been so long I don't remember exactly. lol 

Cousin Norma gave it to me while Beth and I were living in West Warren, I remember sticking it up in the rafters in the garage, I didn't know what to do with and I didn't want to just throw it away, I know it meant something to my cousins, but I thought it was junk. lol





 


































 









1978-1993





Connie's Michigan's in New York, on route 23 in Altona. 

 

Our entire childhood was spent at Ray st in Ludlow; we used to find toads on the side of the house and they had rhubarb grow growing in the backyard, They used to have piles of pallets and other junk in the yard and bushes as a barrier to hide a lot of the junk. I don’t know where I saw this, but one time I tied a string to a fire hydrant and across the street a tree. I don’t know what I was thinking, and thankfully, no one was hurt, but I did get in trouble. One of the neighbors had caught me and taken the string down before someone was injured. 

They were all so thoughtful and helpful.



Uncle Art passed around 1983 or 1984 I believe, I remember him coming over and working on the porch, there was rotten wood and he was good at construction, I'm not sure if my dad was doing for work at the time. I don't remember much about him, but I remember my dad telling me that uncle Art smacked me in the mouth once, I guess I had spit at him, but I don't remember doing that as a child, so I don't know why I would do something like that, maybe I did it? then I guess I learned my lesson. lol. 



summers in New York. Blueberry picking in the woods and blueberry shortcake, my aunt pearl used to fillet the smallest of fish.When were your younger we would catch frogs and had frog legs, I don’t remember doing that after we were like 12 years old.

Scaring grandma with real and fake snakes, then at some point I became afraid of snakes. lol



Toads around the side door. Playing outside in the junk with my action figures was a blast. 





Always had aloe plants all over the house, had a pet termite in a baby food jar. They had a stuffed black squirrel taxidermy on the porch. 

The stairs to the attic were terrible and grandma fell down once and tore her ear in half. 





Trips to the market for fruits, vegetables and the local paper. 

Every Easter we would gather at my uncle Norman’s apartment in Holyoke and walk over to the parade.

 

Uncle Leo had one crippled forearm and hand. When he we younger he was rolling down a hill and got hit by a car. I don’t know how this happened, either way, his arm was never the same and he always wore it in a sling.  



Grandma transit was so happy to buy her Chevy Celebrity. 

That thing was fast. We got her Chevrolet chevette when she bought that, I remember learning how to drive without power steering. It was like going from a lawn mower to a race car.  

1994

I got to go to Fern Lake and Plattsburg, New York for a week with my grandma Francis, aunt Flossie and uncle Norman. We went to visit family in Altona and I got to ride an ATV 

 September 21, 1994


 
 

 

 October 1994 

Learning to drive with grandma Francis was a lesson in paying attention to what was going on around you. lol

Was she making noise because a spider jumper on her or was she having a panic attack because she thought we were going to crash? lol 

It’s funny,  it’s January 2026 as I’m writing this and I think my grandma Francis’s goofy reactions and her ability to laugh at it after, makes it easier for to deal with my friend Dallas when he’s crabby or his anxiety gets the best of him, which makes him crabby, my grandma Francis never got like that, she never lashed out at us, all I can remember is her always being happy, until she got Alzheimer’s in 1999, even then she faked it until she stopped talking.

 

 

 

 

 



March 22, 1995









1996





I was never really close with my grandpa Landers, He's the one we got the PUCH moped from years ago. I received this card from him Christmas 1996. For those who can't read cursive it says 

"Rick, this card is the best I could find. I went to three stores and they didn't have much of a selection for grandsons. All the cards in the other stores were for much younger grandsons, OK grandpa. Show this to your brother so he will understand why both cards are the same."

1997



Grandma Francis was so excited be a great grandmother again. My cousin Ray beat me to it and lives in Texas, so she only saw them a few weeks out of the year. 

 

 

1998

1999

It was end of winter that someone noticed my grandmother was getting confused and she would get lost when driving around, so she moved out of her in with us on Hope st, she also had her license taken away from her.

2000

It wasn’t long before my mother couldn’t handle having grandma Francis around and found her a place in an assisted living complex in Ludlow. 

2001

I remember grandma Francis asking me to take her home during of my visits to her nursing home. What a terrible feeling trying to explain that she’s stuck there for the rest of her life. 

2002

Uncle Norman passed away June 16, 2002 after having heart surgery and suffering complications.



Uncle Chet, aunt Mary and Roxanne came to visit in November 2002. 

The bottom picture was from December 24, 2002. 





2003

Dietrich. Was born in February, I only remember  taking Dietrich to see grandma Francis one time, it might have been a few, but the last time I remember her saying she hated babies. Being sick and clearly not reading the situation right, took that as an okay not to bring my son to visit her again and I didn’t. 

Grandma Francis died August 28, 2003.


Frances Landers Obituary
Frances H. Landers
1928 - 2003

LUDLOW - Frances H. (Gero) Landers, 75, of Ray Street, Ludlow, died Thursday, Aug. 28, 2003 in a local nursing home. Born in Altona, New York, she resided in Ludlow for most of her life. Frances was a retired 33 year machine operator for the former Tambrands Corp., of the Three Rivers section of Palmer. She is survived by a son, Chester C. Gero of Austin, TX; a daughter, Linda A. Stebbins of Springfield; a brother, Leo Gero of Altona, NY; four sisters, Mabel Piatek of Brimfield; Flossie Patrie of Ludlow, Maude Hague of Witherbee, NY; Pearl Barnard of Plattsburgh, NY; five grandchildren; Richard, Robert, Katherine, Ray and Roxanne and several great grandchildren. Frances was predeceased by her husband, James Landers who died in 1997. A prayer Service will be held in the Ratell Funeral Home 200 Main St., Indian Orchard on Monday at 5:00 p.m. Burial will be private and at the convenience of the family. In lieu of flowers memorial contributions in her memory may be made to the family c/o Linda A. Stebbins, 54 Hope St., Springfield, MA 01119. Visiting hours are Monday from 2 to 5 p.m. For directions & Guest Book visit www.legacy.com.



2004

2005

Aunt Pearl died November 6, 2005.

2006

Uncle Leo died October 3, 2006



Leo Gero Obituary
Published by Legacy Remembers on Oct. 4, 2006.
PLATTSBURGH — Leo N. Gero, 90, of Evergreen Valley Nursing Home, Plattsburgh, passed away there on Tuesday, Oct. 3, 2006.

He was born in Altona on Feb. 24, 1916, son of Marcell and Jennie (Burnett) Gero.

Leo's sisters, many nieces, nephews and friends cared a lot for this very special person.

Leo worked for the Clinton County Building and Grounds Department as a night supervisor. He also worked for the Plattsburgh City Beach, the Irona Selzer Mill and the Altona Town Hall.

Leo is survived by three sisters, Mable Piatek of Hamden, Mass., Flossie Patrie of Ludlow, Mass., and Maude Hagey and her husband Joseph of Witherbee, N.Y.; and many nieces and nephews.

Leo was predeceased by Irene Brunell, his long time companion; two sisters, Pearl Barnard and Frances Gero; eight brothers, Fred, Raymond, Harry, Harold, Carl, Louis, Victor and Norman.

Calling hours will be Thursday, Oct. 5, 2006, from 2 to 4 and 7 to 9 p.m. at Brown Funeral Home in Altona. A Mass of Christian burial will be celebrated on Friday, Oct. 6, 2006, at 10 a.m. at Holy Angel's Church in Altona. Burial will follow in the parish cemetery.

Donations in Leo's memory may be made to the Alzheimer's Association.


Mabel Piatek Obituary
Mabel M. Piatek 1912 - 2006 BRIMFIELD - Mabel M. (Gero) Piatek, 94, died Tuesday, December 5, in Mary Lyon Nursing Home. Born in Irona, NY, she was the daughter of the late Marcell and Jennie (Burnett) Gero. She was a longtime resident of Brimfield. She was predeceased by her husband Joseph in 1978. Mabel is survived by her son, Michael Piatek of Bondsville; 3 daughters, Barbara Piatek of Brimfield, with whom she lived; Beverly Trombley and Betty Walker, both of Ware; 2 sisters; Flossie Patrie of Ludlow, and Maude Hagey of Witherbee, NY; her special friend, Kay; also by several nieces, nephews, grandchildren and great-grandchildren. At the request of the family, all services and burial are private. Motyka Funeral Home, 2186 Main St., Three Rivers is handling arrangements.


2007

Flossie died December 2, 2007.

Flossie Patrie Obituary
Flossie G. Patrie 1914 -2007 LUDLOW - Flossie G. (Gero) Patrie, 93 of Ludlow, was called home to be with God on Sunday, December 2, 2007. Born in Altona N.Y. she lived in Ludlow over 55 years, and was the widow of Arthur Patrie. She was also predeceased by 12 siblings. She leaves a son Norman Brousseau of Ludlow and a daughter Eleanor Casey and her husband William of Monson, a sister Maude Hagey of N.Y. and several nieces and nephews. Funeral Services will be Wednesday evening at 7:30 PM at the Ludlow Funeral Home, with cremation to follow. Visiting hours are also Wednesday evening from 5 P.M. until the time of service. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the family c/o Ludlow Funeral Home 432 East St. Ludlow, Ma 01056. Online at ludlowfuneralhome.com
My uncle Chet waited until my aunt flossy couldn’t respond to make his visit to say goodbye. I went to visit every week for 15 minutes, even though she was blind at the end and just laid in bed and she told me she didn’t have anything to say, I still went to visit just to see how she was doing and let her know what was going on

2008 

Aunt Maude died November 8, 2008. I don’t remember anything about her at all, So it’s sad to say, but her death didn’t hit me the same as the other others.








 
 
 


The Landers

I don't have many memories of them, just of a couple events.

 

 





And the pictures above where my grandpa Landers, My brother and sister and I and in a lower picture by great grandparents, the Johnson’s, That was grandpa Landers’s mother and the stepfather.

All I have is positive memories of the visits with my mother’s father and grandparents, Though from what I’ve been able to get out of my mother, her grandmother, my great grandmother was not a very pleasant woman, and neither was her father/my grandmother grandfather.
I remember playing in the parking lot next-door to their house in Buffalo, New York and going to Niagara Falls and being super excited. But if you look at the pictures, my grandfather looks like a crabby ass, whiny baby and all of them. I remember after my daughter was born, calling him and being all excited and wanting to visit him he wanted nothing to do with family. I’m pretty sure that those last time I talked to him as well. 
This is the same year that we got that PUCH Moped that was made October 1978, I thought that was the greatest thing as a child and we kept that until I think 2019 or 2020, when my dad nagged me about it while we were living in Warren and I allowed someone to take it.



The diary came home with us when I cleared out my grandfather’s house after he had passed away and I didn’t read it until 2025, 







This diary is pretty short, and sloppy so I thought I should read the text because AI will never be able to use OCR on it. It starts with: 
Name, Harold Wolf Johnson
Residence 80 Main St.
Phone don’t believe in em
Business address same as #3
My weight is 111 pounds- height 5 feet inches 
 color of hair, white hair, eyes, baby blue
In case of emergency, please notify: Wolves and nearest undertaker.
Lodges or clubs- Definitely moose also wolves
Auto license: Blank
Car number: Blankety Motor number: Blank
Valuable papers are at: Dudies  Grill
(There’s some chicken scratch here that I’m gonna have to try to translate)

January 1: Oh what the hell, Jen and I went out riding again and left Marion home

January 4: Went down to see Midge in Rochester today. Boy she is nice..

January 5: Marion is getting wise about Rochester and I can’t keep this Sydney trouble up forever. I think I will have to start exercising horses again.


January 8: Marion thinks I am all through with BS(Sinclair) Ha ha, what she don’t know won’t hurt her.

January 10: These 6 AM Sunday morning ride sure are cold these days. Guess I will have to change horses.


January 12: The doctors told me I won’t last much longer. Oh well, I’ll play all three of my women.

January 14: Looked up the word “ unik” Today sure sounds bad.

January 15: Riding with these women share keeps a fellow cutting hair.

January 16: If I Bought a wooden horse, Marion wood like me better.

January 17: Last Sunday morning, Marion kept yelling, horses, horses horses. I think I will have another fight.

January 19: I think I’ll go after store next Sunday( I’ll have to reread this)

January 20: I wonder who that, babe is that thinks I’m so nice and keeps calling me up but it B.S.?

January 22: Ask Marion, How she like something on a Sunday morning, of course you were in bed at that time OK?

January 23: Went out to the Eagles and got a pick up, not bad

*****

That was the final entry in my step great-grandfather’s diary. There are zero ways to dig deeper into this person and this diary doesn’t tell you anything about him, it feels weird talking about someone and knowing they existed, but not being able to explain anything about them. I should have a family history album or some sort of record to share all of this information with the world, but for some reason, we don’t have it.









