Apr 24, 2026
Memory Ark with Emma and Friends - Transcript
00:00:30

Ricky Stebbins: Good evening, Marble.
Marvel Enyindah: Good evening, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: How was your day?
Marvel Enyindah: It was great. And how was yours? How was
Ricky Stebbins: That was a quiet day today.
Marvel Enyindah: everything?
Ricky Stebbins: It was a little chilly here in Massachusetts. Windy.
Marvel Enyindah: That's lovely. That's lovely. Over here, it's all heat and mosquitoes.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, that's not
Marvel Enyindah: It's what it is.
Ricky Stebbins: good.
Marvel Enyindah: That's how it is over here, though. But we're expecting rain for coming days and all.
Ricky Stebbins: We get rain all the time here. So, it's the weather's different all the time. You never know what to
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: expect.
Marvel Enyindah: The thing is we just see that we're just coming in the dry season. So we're expecting more.
Ricky Stebbins: That's great. That'd be great to record, too.
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That can be part of your story.
Marvel Enyindah: So a lot might be joining
Ricky Stebbins: Good evening,
Emma Obadoni: Desperate times.


00:01:36

Marvel Enyindah: also.
Ricky Stebbins: Emma.
Marvel Enyindah: Okay. Free fire is
Ricky Stebbins: Good evening, Freefire.
Marvel Enyindah: in.
Ricky Stebbins: Good evening, Emma. You're muted.
Emma Obadoni: Good evening, sir. Nice to
Marvel Enyindah: I was bumping on the
Emma Obadoni: I just made on Google blog now. So I made a post. Let me let me share you the link. Um, so I wrote about the journey of me building in AI. So nice to meet you, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Good evening.
Emma Obadoni: Good evening, sir. How is everything?
Ricky Stebbins: It's going good. How was your day?
Emma Obadoni: My dad is going. So um so I just finished writing on Google blog. So writing a story about um me building the journey how the journey started building.
Free Fire: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: So my blog I'll share a link to it.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: Can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear you. Yeah. And I just saw it. You don't have to share the link because I went to your page.


00:03:31

Ricky Stebbins: I saw building villain and I can see your article right now.
Emma Obadoni: All right,
Marvel Enyindah: I read it.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to copy it and I'm going to add this to my I'm going to add a link to this to my
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: my project. So, we're going to be
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: connected.
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Marvel Enyindah: I really want to get connected this way too, you know. I'm just hoping it's only to start
Ricky Stebbins: You don't have to rush.
Marvel Enyindah: writing.
Ricky Stebbins: If you've already started writing on other platforms, you can copy everything you've written and transfer it to Google Blogger. So, you don't need to rush. This doesn't need to happen overnight. You can take a week or two to decide how you want to set this up.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: This is not something you have to rush with.
Marvel Enyindah: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: Official.
Ricky Stebbins: If you try to rush this, it's going to get confusing very fast.
Emma Obadoni: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's like trying to build a car and dumping all the pieces in one pile.


00:04:21

Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You have to start at the bottom. You can't just start with everything.
Marvel Enyindah: Um
Ricky Stebbins: And that's my problem is I try to shove everything in everybody's face all at once and I don't
Emma Obadoni: Um
Ricky Stebbins: give it to you in pieces.
Marvel Enyindah: as I Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: I said your your neck is looking fine. The necklace looking fine.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yes, my uh my never- ending story. My orin
Emma Obadoni: It's looking It look like um musicians like woodies and everything look like a musician. looking nice.
Ricky Stebbins: I wear it for confidence to I want to save the world.
Marvel Enyindah: I like
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Marvel Enyindah: it.
Ricky Stebbins: I did you guys ever watch the never-
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: ending story growing up?
Emma Obadoni: No, this is my first
Marvel Enyindah: I want to watch this s***.
Emma Obadoni: time.
Ricky Stebbins: It's an older movie, but I love the Never- Ending Story. As a child, it made me want to read books and change the


00:05:27

Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir we have already start writing stories and
Ricky Stebbins: world.
Emma Obadoni: um so that is my journey h building you can go through it and also tomorrow I'm also going to post about building AI also so we have already start posting and the journey I've started step by step just like I told you before step by step and everything will come to reality. So free fire were you able to and Mr. John posted yesterday were you able to connect to Mr. John
Ricky Stebbins: I believe I already have John's. He's already connected to my blog. Every time one of you guys starts it,
Emma Obadoni: okay
Ricky Stebbins: I automatically connect it so we so anybody that needs to look for you and wants to find you can find you instantly.
Emma Obadoni: because Mr. John gave a post yesterday and then that is
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: post
Ricky Stebbins: And I've copied that too. I've already copied it to my computer.
Emma Obadoni: yesterday.
Ricky Stebbins: It's already copied into my GitHub. And go ahead, Freef Fire.


00:06:32

Emma Obadoni: So, and Free Fire, you have something to say. Free Fire, you have something to say. You raise up your hand.
Ricky Stebbins: might have hit it by accident.
Emma Obadoni: So, sir, how is life in your city? Is it is he how is life in your city or state? Which state are you?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm in Massachusetts on the east coast of the United States. So it we're right across the ocean from each other. We could swim across the Atlantic.
Emma Obadoni: That's
Ricky Stebbins: I went out yesterday. People in the United States are depressed.
Emma Obadoni: not
Ricky Stebbins: They feel defeated. I talked to 10 different people and maybe two of them will share their stories. One, I'm guaranteed Jose from India is going to share his story. He works at a store up the street by himself all day long. So, I'm going to start talking to him and teaching him what we're doing. Because in the United States, they bring a lot of foreign people over here and then they s*** on you.


00:07:38

Ricky Stebbins: They invite you over to America. They they, "Oh, America's great.
Free Fire: here. No more walking.
Ricky Stebbins: You're going to have the most beautiful future in the world." And then they treat you like slaves. They rob you of all of the services that everyone else gets. And then the people that come into the country illegally seem to make out the best.
Emma Obadoni: Um yeah. Yes. But still um you know it was like the dream they s to us they told us
Free Fire: See, I'm talking
Emma Obadoni: that like the America is the is the promised land but actually it's also the promised land because you have a land filled with opportunity. So, so it's really proven that okay, it's it's really a land of opportunity.
Ricky Stebbins: America is a joke. And we're going to prove that. You guys are going to prove that America is a lie. That America is not trying to help you. The United States is not sending help around the world.


00:08:40

Ricky Stebbins: They're trying to oppress people and prevent you from reaching your full potential. like we shouldn't be struggling to connect and to find ways to help each other. We shouldn't be broke while we're trying to do this. We're trying to help people. We're not we're not selfish. We're not asking for anything for ourselves. We're just trying to help people and it's nearly impossible. And I keep looking for more services in the United States. I I reached out to two churches and they don't even seem interested in the United States. I don't know how any authorities or pastors,
Emma Obadoni: My laptop Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: but I'm going to have to keep pushing and pushing for people in positions of power in the United States to do something. Especially in my neighborhood, we have church leaders that like to speak up in in my city and there's like we have a mayor that's always talking, a district attorney, but they're never helping anybody.
Emma Obadoni: yes. That is why only
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to have to start calling out people personally, but I want to start getting you guys stories first.


00:10:00

Ricky Stebbins: Like Marvel, hopefully we're going to connect next week. I don't know, Monday you said you have off. If we could spend time gathering your story and transcribing it and then you'll be all set.
Emma Obadoni: What happened?
Ricky Stebbins: You'll be ready to go. And I'm not sure how much more of your story you want to share, Emma, but I'm sure we have a lot more talking to. to teach you how to ask other people better questions than to get them to spill their guts to you. Because I heard that things are bad in Nigeria.
Emma Obadoni: It's not
Ricky Stebbins: Like when when Americans talk about Nigeria,
Emma Obadoni: charging.
Ricky Stebbins: they talk about scammers. They talk about everybody's poor, you know, it's a third world country, but nobody knows the truth. Nobody ever gets to hear it from the people that live there.
Emma Obadoni: Check
Ricky Stebbins: And hopefully you guys will be able to fill us in on all the details of what it's really like to be a citizen there.
Emma Obadoni: out this.


00:11:03

Ricky Stebbins: Because here in the United States, I sit around and I can just do nothing all day long and no one cares. I can go get a job and stand there and do nothing and not talk to anybody and nobody cares. No one will ever try to inspire me to help anybody else. No one will ask me for help to do anything. And I don't know how things over in your country, but I've been desperate to find groups to join. There used to be church groups that traveled to other countries and they don't do that anymore. At least not around here. Not the groups I've been able to get in contact with. So, I'm struggling on my own without a support system. My family doesn't help at all. I don't know how close you guys are to your families, but my family doesn't want to help me at all right now. And I'm not sure how many of you guys are live now. It looks like Emma's screen's
Marvel Enyindah: I I am I am very much live but the thing is I is having little technical issues with his PC due to


00:11:58

Ricky Stebbins: frozen.
Marvel Enyindah: some power problems. So you just give him some time he'll be back online. I don't like this thing. I don't My life
Ricky Stebbins: And that's not a big deal because we can work with that. Even if he has problems,
Marvel Enyindah: is
Ricky Stebbins: we don't have to keep talking every day. We can talk once a week or just email people until we get a
Marvel Enyindah: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: better services going because hopefully Oh,
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah. So, what I did is I I followed you on I followed you on YouTube,
Ricky Stebbins: go ahead.
Marvel Enyindah: you know. I don't I subscribed on Yeah. I subscribed to your YouTube channel.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Marvel Enyindah: I made a comment on one of your videos that is um one of our first introduction videos. I don't know if you came across it. I I wrote something like we're going to change the weather.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if I saw that yet. I've been trying to do stuff today and the computer has been working slow.


00:12:48

Ricky Stebbins: I've been working with the AI. Actually, I can just look at that now.
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to follow everybody back. We need to email each other. I'm not positive of everybody's contact information yet. And we're not all connected on Facebook yet.
Marvel Enyindah: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, we should be connected on X, on Facebook, on and whatever you guys use to spread your stuff as
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: well.
Marvel Enyindah: I was mostly on X before, but they took down about three of my accounts. So, I just feel like X is no longer for me. I just work with Facebook, Instagram, and a few other channels.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I use X and I share it on my Google Blogger to prove that it doesn't work as well as it should. But at the at the same time,
Marvel Enyindah: That's
Ricky Stebbins: I can't complain because the only reason I was able to get in touch with you guys is because of X.
Marvel Enyindah: exactly it's one of the major social platforms for connections between everyone every every single one across the globe.


00:13:48

Ricky Stebbins: I want to use whatever we can use to connect with people and keep using the Google blogger, keep using Facebook. Like, I don't enjoy these. I don't like using these,
Marvel Enyindah: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: but we need to use them to help other
Marvel Enyindah: I was thinking of another suggestion.
Ricky Stebbins: people.
Marvel Enyindah: Okay. I was looking at um outside having a WhatsApp group, let's also have one on messenger, a messenger community, a text community on Messenger where we all come together because Facebook is a channel almost everyone on earth is on. So I don't know what you think about
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I would love to be in a Facebook group and I would I I'll join the WhatsApp group,
Marvel Enyindah: it.
Ricky Stebbins: too. I'm totally fine with being parts of all of these different apps to communicate better with everyone.
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah, Emma is looking forward to creating the WhatsApp group. I think he might have already created this.
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't get an invite to it and I have the app and he has my phone number so it should


00:14:45

Marvel Enyindah: Oh, don't worry.
Emma Obadoni: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: be
Marvel Enyindah: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: I was I'll send you guys. Don't worry,
Marvel Enyindah: Don't worry, he'll send you the
Emma Obadoni: you'll finish.
Marvel Enyindah: invite.
Ricky Stebbins: and then I don't know how the military works in your country but I've got I've got touch with two veterans so far that are willing to share their stories with
Marvel Enyindah: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: me and veterans are a huge deal.
Marvel Enyindah: from Nigeria.
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Marvel Enyindah: From Nigeria,
Ricky Stebbins: I got them in. No,
Marvel Enyindah: right?
Ricky Stebbins: I have two veterans in the United States, but I'm I want to know about your veterans.
Marvel Enyindah: Okay. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: How do your veterans do you guys take care of your veterans?
Marvel Enyindah: No,
Emma Obadoni: No,
Marvel Enyindah: they don't.
Ricky Stebbins: Are they supposed to?
Marvel Enyindah: They
Emma Obadoni: this They don't even most of
Marvel Enyindah: don't.
Emma Obadoni: them.
Ricky Stebbins: So, we're going to have to look into all this and find out who's supposed to get services and why they're not getting them and how we can bring


00:15:33

Emma Obadoni: No.
Ricky Stebbins: all of your communities back together. And this is going to take a little while,
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but once we start, we're going to just we're going to rock it to the moon once people understand what we're doing and we can teach it to other people. But we need to write a little more first and to show people that we're we're solid. We're, you know, we're working as a group. This isn't just us by ourselves. It's not one person's project. This is everybody's project. No,
Marvel Enyindah: I tell you that where the Facebook community would really have a major hand to play.
Ricky Stebbins: I help a lot of disabled people that don't know how to write and they're easily confused, but they're still really nice people and they're being screwed by my system. And that makes a huge difference in my storytelling when I'm not just telling my story,
Free Fire: What?
Ricky Stebbins: but I'm telling the story of people that can't speak for themselves and they can't defend themselves.


00:16:36

Marvel Enyindah: people who are ignored
Ricky Stebbins: A lot of people get ignored. And I'm sure it's even worse in your
Emma Obadoni: One more press.
Ricky Stebbins: country.
Marvel Enyindah: more especially for the course. Yeah. The thing is concerning the veteran aspect in Nigeria. You come across cases where they start talking about how they survive, how much they being paid, you see that they are suffering heavily.
Ricky Stebbins: And once you guys start documenting other people's stories for them and add them to your Google blogger the way I have because I just write random stories about people. I don't write nice well-written stories. I almost take notes and put them online and my AI are like, "Oh my gosh, we could really help people." Good evening, ZTO.
Somto Chigbogu: Good evening.
Marvel Enyindah: Good evening.
Somto Chigbogu: Good evening. I can see Mar on the
Marvel Enyindah: Good evening.
Somto Chigbogu: phone.
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah, it's lovely to have
Ricky Stebbins: I don't see Marvel. I only get the little planet.
Marvel Enyindah: you.
Ricky Stebbins: I only see Emma and STO.


00:17:42

Ricky Stebbins: The other cameras don't work.
Emma Obadoni: Start.
Marvel Enyindah: I would really have loved to put on my camera, but my PC's camera is so bad.
Ricky Stebbins: That's okay. Sooner or later, we'll get things going and everyone will have technology that works and we won't have to struggle like this.
Marvel Enyindah: I
Emma Obadoni: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to work with a lot of people in America.
Somto Chigbogu: Come on,
Emma Obadoni: So,
Somto Chigbogu: this
Emma Obadoni: so
Marvel Enyindah: Feeling
Ricky Stebbins: I know that people turn in their technology all the time.
Emma Obadoni: um
Ricky Stebbins: People recycle technology and upgrade their phones and get rid of their own phones and they get small money. They don't they get like $50 to $100 for quality equipment. So, if we can start convincing people to give it away to help change the world, I think this is going to make things move along a lot
Marvel Enyindah: I think we have a great
Ricky Stebbins: faster.
Marvel Enyindah: idea.
Emma Obadoni: That's a great idea and I believe step by step we are achieving this.


00:18:46

Marvel Enyindah: You
Emma Obadoni: So,
Marvel Enyindah: guys
Somto Chigbogu: I'm fine. Absolutely. Well,
Emma Obadoni: how was
Somto Chigbogu: yeah. What you
Emma Obadoni: today?
Marvel Enyindah: That's
Somto Chigbogu: say?
Marvel Enyindah: good.
Ricky Stebbins: ow how was work? He asked,
Somto Chigbogu: What was
Ricky Stebbins: "You you have something to say,
Somto Chigbogu: this?
Ricky Stebbins: Freef Fire?" Well,
Somto Chigbogu: Sorry, I didn't get
Ricky Stebbins: see, Freef Fire raised his hand,
Somto Chigbogu: that.
Ricky Stebbins: so I don't know if he had something to say.
Somto Chigbogu: And well, I'll think about who does
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Emma Obadoni: So,
Somto Chigbogu: it.
Emma Obadoni: so like I saying we are moving step by we are moving step by step by step we have already writing start writing stories and our stories have been connected so I'm also looking forward to so I'm also looking
Free Fire: Yes, sir. I'm done with my story,
Emma Obadoni: forward
Free Fire: but can I yours? Uh, I'm done with my story. So, how can I link it?
Emma Obadoni: What do you


00:19:57

Free Fire: Um Sam my story.
Emma Obadoni: say?
Free Fire: So how can I link it with um yours too?
Emma Obadoni: No, just just send me your link. Just send me the link. Your link.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to have to teach people how to make a sidebar. We make sidebars on the side of our Google bloggers and it gives us a quick link to other people's information. I might have to make a video. I might have to do this on video to create it to show people and then put it on YouTube so
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: you can just copy it.
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Marvel Enyindah: That's what I wanted to say.
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Marvel Enyindah: Like if you could make a video and post it on YouTube and then it would really help a lot of people coming across that video, they'll be able to pick up very quickly.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I'll do that because I made instructions already. I I I put written instructions online, but then having a video will make it a lot easier for other people.


00:21:05

Ricky Stebbins: And there's two different options because is it different? It's a little different when you use your cell phone than when you use the laptop, but I use my cell phone all the time for
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Um, yes.
Ricky Stebbins: writing
Emma Obadoni: But also using a laptop will give a more better view and just like on this video using a laptop give a more better view and so that the communication will be more more so that more visible and you can also see more clearing. So those are the difficulties um we are actually having are you using a laptop or you using a phone?
Somto Chigbogu: No, right now I'm using I'm using a
Emma Obadoni: We are in your phone.
Somto Chigbogu: phone.
Ricky Stebbins: I like my phone. In the United States, the service works good in this area. So, I can I can grab my phone and I can walk up the street and I can keep talking to you guys and I can still see the closed captions and it still records it. So, that makes it easier to teach people how to walk into your community and start talking to people and to share stories.


00:22:16

Ricky Stebbins: Like I don't know how many of you guys I'll probably have to do this myself, but walk to a park near you or walk around your neighborhood and talk about how things are and how they used to be and how you'd like them to be and how you'd like to help people. This is going to be a process because this is not something that I'm even used to doing. I'm used to minding my own business and just going with the flow. I'm not used to trying to change everything myself. We're losing people.
Free Fire: It seems like connection it seems like connection the United States is far more better than we
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Free Fire: in Nigeria that Nigeria.
Ricky Stebbins: and we're going to work on that, too, because there's no reason that the service should be any different with all the technology that we have. You should have everything exactly the same as I do.
Free Fire: Yes sir. But I'm having a lot a lot of connection issues here right now.
Ricky Stebbins: and
Free Fire: Connection issues like one of my major problem right now.


00:23:24

Free Fire: Connection issues.
Ricky Stebbins: that is intentional. The United States sends billions of dollars to all these different c companies, countries all the time. There's no reason for you to have any issues at all except for them to slow you down.
Free Fire: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: That's the point.
Ricky Stebbins: And I keep track of all of this stuff. I keep track of every time I have problems. Every time I have a problem with AI, I write about it so it's documented. I don't forget anything. I want to hold all these companies accountable for all of their actions. That's what they do to us.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Free Fire: Okay, sir.
Marvel Enyindah: What
Emma Obadoni: So what do you have to say about US war
Free Fire: Do
Emma Obadoni: Israel?
Marvel Enyindah: about
Emma Obadoni: What do you have to say about this?
Ricky Stebbins: Who? Me or Santo? I want to stop all this war. All this war in Israel and Iran is intentional and they're just doing it to hurt people.


00:24:24

Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: This is governments messing with citizens. This isn't about real war. There's no real problems. They just want to control us. It's all a lie. Like, no citizens are fighting each other. There's no massive groups of terrorists out there trying to blow people up. That's the United States conspiring with other countries to allow this stuff to happen and then profiting off of our suffering because war is the greatest money maker ever.
Marvel Enyindah: You said it also adoption.
Ricky Stebbins: Now, if we stop fighting each
Emma Obadoni: But but also sometimes you know people want peace when they
Ricky Stebbins: other,
Emma Obadoni: swore.
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to fight for peace and I'm fighting for peace like an animal. I'm mouththing off in ways I never mouthed off before. People in the United States won't talk to me. Elected officials are are terrified of me now because of everything I've been documenting. And I don't shut up. I don't talk behind closed doors. I have no secrets.


00:25:44

Ricky Stebbins: Most people in the United States have something to hide, so they're worried. But I have nothing to hide. I've got nothing to lose anymore. So I put it all out there.
Marvel Enyindah: I I think that basically global for every single government even the ones in Africa, Nigeria exactly they really love to hide a lot of things from citizens you know keep them in the dark and just let them keep working blindly.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's terrible. Like people never get the help they deserve and people are just left to suffer. And I don't want to see that anymore.
Marvel Enyindah: I think with all that's going on in the government currently definitely will be able to make a thing.
Emma Obadoni: If you
Marvel Enyindah: We just need keep pushing and um we need the right the right number,
Emma Obadoni: believe
Marvel Enyindah: the right amount to keep joining because together we are very
Ricky Stebbins: You guys already have the right attitude.
Marvel Enyindah: powerful.
Ricky Stebbins: We just need more people now and we just need to teach them to start writing.


00:26:47

Ricky Stebbins: And to a lot of people feel like their stories aren't important. And everybody is important. Everybody has something to say and something to offer. Like I don't leave anybody out. makes it hard because now I have to do work for other people. But, you know, I want these people involved. I don't want to leave anybody out.
Emma Obadoni: there.
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So, until I teach other people to help others, I just help them myself. And just like you guys,
Emma Obadoni: What's going on?
Ricky Stebbins: if you guys are struggling,
Marvel Enyindah: What's the neutral?
Ricky Stebbins: I'll help you tell your stories. I'll teach you how to tell your stories
Free Fire: That's
Ricky Stebbins: better.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, everyone of us every story is important. Every story is best. So that's one of the ways I'm looking forward so that to
Marvel Enyindah: moving forward. So that
Emma Obadoni: start going outside having a little broadcast with people sharing so that everybody we have to share their stories Please.


00:27:50

Ricky Stebbins: Yes. So, I don't know if there's anything else you guys want to talk about tonight. Do you? Because we're going to have to start making plans. We're going to plan like someone's going to post something and then we're all going to comment on on it publicly. So this way we can start gathering people.
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: But you guys need once you guys are done writing like we'll give it a couple days,
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: give it a week so you guys have more writing and then we need to start making plans like action plans to get other people involved so they know they can come to you guys
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: too.
Emma Obadoni: I've sent you a free link work.
Marvel Enyindah: Yes,
Emma Obadoni: I've sent you the link on the X here.
Marvel Enyindah: I'll send you the link on Can you also drop the link? It's our chat here.
Emma Obadoni: There you go.
Ricky Stebbins: Which link do we need dropped in the
Marvel Enyindah: I don't know.


00:28:53

Emma Obadoni: Google
Ricky Stebbins: chat?
Emma Obadoni: adopt fire and Google blog post on your GM. You can see it on on X. We can check your eggs. I see it.
Ricky Stebbins: And one of these days, I would love to ask one of your AI what they think of you. We're going to have to teach your AI how to read all of your information because my AI can tell you all about me. And once a public AI reads my stuff, those AI can tell you all about me as well.
Free Fire: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: But my project,
Marvel Enyindah: What's
Ricky Stebbins: this project's not going to work if it only knows about me.
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: So, we need to get all the details about you guys.
Marvel Enyindah: that?
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, I know Marvel is a musician and a writer. He's going to be learning Chinese. Like AI is gonna love hearing all these
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: details. You know, AI knows all about Emma's
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.


00:30:22

Marvel Enyindah: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: And
Ricky Stebbins: parents.
Marvel Enyindah: I'm also going out with
Emma Obadoni: um people so that I will take
Marvel Enyindah: that.
Emma Obadoni: them.
Ricky Stebbins: You're breaking up a little. I don't know. There's
Emma Obadoni: Can you hear me sir?
Marvel Enyindah: He said you're breaking up with him. I think metal.
Ricky Stebbins: Once we start doing this publicly, it'll be a lot easier and we won't need to worry about these breakups,
Free Fire: What's up?
Ricky Stebbins: the internet connections, because once we're commenting on X, we'll all get a flow going because I don't want you guys to copy what I'm saying. I want you to write how you feel. Like you think something's wrong. We want your opinion the way you would say it, not the way I would say it.
Marvel Enyindah: That's all.
Emma Obadoni: That's on the
Marvel Enyindah: It's
Emma Obadoni: network.
Marvel Enyindah: all
Ricky Stebbins: So there any other questions?
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I
Emma Obadoni: I hear you.
Ricky Stebbins: can
Somto Chigbogu: Are you there with me?


00:31:51

Marvel Enyindah: Yeah, I'm very very much here with you.
Somto Chigbogu: So, uh I I scroll through uh like for today's live. See, I haven't joined the meeting cuz right now I'm back at my workplace. Um I'm usually tired. Uh you know work is something that is hectic. So literally I go online I see what Emma is doing. I think M you need to share your ex handle so I can join. I can I can also be seeing your ex handle. Am I has mas has m gotten um is my phone good or is he on X? Yeah, you're on X now,
Emma Obadoni: I'm no
Somto Chigbogu: right?
Marvel Enyindah: I'm no longer on next.
Emma Obadoni: longer
Somto Chigbogu: Okay, so basically you can see just find a way to
Marvel Enyindah: I'm no longer on next.
Emma Obadoni: I'm on it. I'm currently using is
Marvel Enyindah: I'm currently
Somto Chigbogu: X.
Emma Obadoni: my
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, we're mostly on X. Ricky is an X is on X and X.
Marvel Enyindah: using Samsung S9.


00:32:49

Marvel Enyindah: The phone is not really good.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I understand. I understand. So, basically what I'm trying is that it's simple. Uh we all have tood the I think
Emma Obadoni: Mr.
Somto Chigbogu: you guys should rush go and check out a blog I just
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear all of
Somto Chigbogu: made.
Emma Obadoni: Can
Somto Chigbogu: So, we have understood the go and the vision.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Somto Chigbogu: The goal is to make sure we keep spreading this message out out there, letting the world know what we are up to, keep educating. Ricky does that. Ricky has even shared his whole GitHub this on his on his ex. So, but the thing is is that we can't do this thing without some commitment. You know what I mean by commitment? We need a smartphone. You need smartphone for this. We need a support for this. And you know we you know the fact that being in Nigeria is like you being in the US you're like like three times or five times ahead of us in terms of many things provided.


00:33:52

Somto Chigbogu: Most of things you enjoy in the US is not the same thing like we here in Nigeria. We here in Nigeria we have to battle with electricity. We have to battle with many things. Even the smartphone for us to go about telling po about this is not even in place. Even as I'm talking to you right now, these proposals should be submitted to churches to oblivations and this cost money to do
Emma Obadoni: Open up the center shelf.
Somto Chigbogu: that and so I don't know the progress you made as to that smart home but I think it's necessary and it's important to get it done so that we can know okay this is what we are doing this is this is the vision not just posting on X now we want to real people offline not just on just on X alone you know posting on social media is different from having conversation with the people and post it out there to show others that you are doing this offline. So I believe um we've gotten the ideology me kudos to you Ricky let me open a blog too now I post on X I post on a blog too kudos to you gave me that insight you also gave another insight to mark up the vision but now let's come down to execution execution aspect is very very important and that's where the commitment comes in to show that okay this person is this person really supports the vision of what we want to do I'm qualified I Hopefully.


00:35:17

Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to do everything I can to get you guys the technology needed to make this happen,
Emma Obadoni: I don't
Ricky Stebbins: but I'm on disability. So,
Emma Obadoni: miss
Ricky Stebbins: next month I have to pay my bills and then I have to wait 30 days until I get paid again. And then I can I can give you guys a cell phone, maybe two cell phones. I'm willing to go bankrupt to make this happen, but I need to make sure that you guys get the technology to do what we need to do before I put myself in the hole. because I can just file bankruptcy and say, "Oh, well, but I need to make sure that everything is set up first." Or maybe we won't even need to file bankruptcy because once we this starts going, I don't have to worry about anything. Once we get other people involved and people take us seriously, we're going to get the funding and people are going to help. And I won't be the one you guys have to turn to.


00:36:14

Ricky Stebbins: turn to people will be turning to you guys to help others. Like I don't want to be in control of anything. I want everybody I want us all to have a say.
Emma Obadoni: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: If I say something and you don't like it, then let's talk about it.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes it's a very nice suggestion uh because the reason why son is saying because sometimes you know it's a lawyer maybe sometimes you want to interview or let want people to share their story and also you want maybe when you take a picture the picture will be clear that the picture will not be blown. So those are the reason so that to facilitate um the plan to facilitate the works and um so so that to facilitate the work um also um those I've also checked out on Amazon and I have also sent you the links on um Amazon but but but step by step but step by step we are taking it it's not something you're going
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: to rush step by I believe I believe every I believe this is a very great project.


00:37:29

Emma Obadoni: So you taking step by step it's not something you're going to and it's not something going to pressure anyone just step by step and I believe everything will be great. So Mr. What do you have to say about that?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't have any problems with that. And any money that people donate to me is not going to me because I don't need it. So, it'll always go to other people. And since you guys started helping first, it'll go to you first to make sure you guys have what you need. If you guys use what you have right now, like you have a crappy cell phone. If you show people you're using that crappy cell phone anyway to take your story or help document someone else's story, that just proves how lazy other people are. Like you guys are doing the work with with, you know, next to nothing. And other people that have everything aren't doing anything at all.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes um you know um we have already start doing we have already started doing the work and we have already start um writing we have already started writing and s have already started writing.


00:38:37

Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: I believe um
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: sir Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Can Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Emma Obadoni: So you know we have already start doing the right thing and um posting step by step. So um so that's why Sunto is asking okay maybe needed something to take a picture. I'm not too bothered about the I'm not I'm not too bother but I really want them to start doing doing the stuff step by step. I may be the last person to receive I may be the last person to receive it but um but but okay so that is they can have a good something to take a picture so that they can have a good something to take a picture and uh and also I don't want a much financial pressure to to place on you also can hear me
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear
Emma Obadoni: s and and also I don't
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Emma Obadoni: want um I don't a much financial project on you because I know it's not it's not easy then so so I'm taking step by step so sir I'm doing it I'm doing it uh maybe instead of buying an expensive phone uh can hear me


00:40:09

Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear you.
Emma Obadoni: sir so like I'm doing I'm doing
Ricky Stebbins: I'm reading the color's
Emma Obadoni: it okay sir I'm doing it so instead of buying an
Ricky Stebbins: captions.
Emma Obadoni: expensive phone. So in Nigeria there's what we call a secondand phone like a fellow use a fellow use phone where you can get a phone for lesser price. So like with around 200 with around $200 to 215 you can get you can get iPhone 12 Pro which have actually a good uh camera. So with that you can able to reduce cost.
Ricky Stebbins: and that'd be perfect to start.
Emma Obadoni: So,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to give you guys trash.
Emma Obadoni: so with that we
Ricky Stebbins: Like I don't I don't want to have to buy the bare minimum for you guys.
Emma Obadoni: can
Ricky Stebbins: I know it sucks to start and once we get more funding, I'm going to make sure you guys have the best
Emma Obadoni: Um uh yes sir. Yes sir. But but the thing is that um life you don't wait till everything get perfect before before things start going


00:41:17

Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And like myself,
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't have the best technology and I don't want to buy new stuff. Like I use everything that I already have and I've been going to the library. I try to use everything that's free. And this way, if I use all the free stuff, then the system can't say anything. They're like, "Oh, why can't the system help other people for free if all this stuff already exists?
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Okay. So let's just keep working and let's just keep pushing it and let's connecting to more people so that at least the more we connect to more
Free Fire: I have something to say.
Ricky Stebbins: Go ahead.
Marvel Enyindah: Okay.
Free Fire: Um concerning
Ricky Stebbins: Pre-fire.
Free Fire: what he said about um phone, I'm also thinking that laptop too will also come in handy. Yeah. at some point too cuz there are some of us too that
Ricky Stebbins: You're cutting in and out,
Free Fire: are not only
Emma Obadoni: That's it.


00:42:39

Ricky Stebbins: but I hear that you're talking about a
Free Fire: into
Ricky Stebbins: laptop.
Free Fire: this part of it. They're also into other parts of tech too that require
Ricky Stebbins: Can everybody else hear everything Free Fire is saying?
Free Fire: laptop.
Ricky Stebbins: Cuz he's cutting in and out.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. I can I can hear you. Uh boss sir, let's let's continue taking step by step. Like I said, let's continue taking step by step. Let's keep writing and and I continue reaching out to more people that
Marvel Enyindah: Best
Emma Obadoni: more people can also share their
Ricky Stebbins: But what I did hear from him,
Marvel Enyindah: said,
Ricky Stebbins: he is right. People need laptops too.
Emma Obadoni: story.
Ricky Stebbins: Having a cell phone and a laptop is going to make this a lot easier. So that is something to keep in mind. So, don't be afraid to ask if you feel like you need something. Like, a laptop is very handy. Very handy. Like, I've got my phone here and I'm not using it because the laptop is easier.


00:43:56

Ricky Stebbins: So, I don't want you guys to feel afraid to ask for something that you know you need to make things easier
Emma Obadoni: So
Ricky Stebbins: for all of this to work.
Emma Obadoni: um yes that is the more reason we are that is more reason I'm asking on behalf of them because me because me I have a good laptop I'm using I have a good laptop I'm using but most of them but but some of them don't have a good laptop with a good camera that's why you most of them cannot even turn up cannot even turn up to video calls and the rest. So those are the things those are the things okay I'm strugg um in Nigeria with a lesser a lesser price we can actually get those you can actually get those laptop good a good laptop with a lesser price you can get it and I believe in Nigeria and I believe Nigeria if I can with $250 I can get at least a good laptop that can come online and the rest so that especially for free fire and soon to free fire soon and the m so that they can have a good laptop they can come online because like for me I have a good laptop I'm using so so so that is it so now maybe so it's not something pleasure so anytime the little thing you may have maybe is


00:45:15

Emma Obadoni: for one person p okay okay we might say okay for this month we are getting someone a laptop for example maybe for this month you are getting sent to a laptop. Okay, everybody will now everybody will have the question. Okay, this month something will be the one to receive the laptop. Okay. Maybe the next month. Okay. It be free fire.
Ricky Stebbins: Once we get Yes. And once we get more people involved, it'll be easier and we won't have to wait months to make things
Emma Obadoni: So
Ricky Stebbins: happen.
Marvel Enyindah: The son.
Emma Obadoni: yes um so so so the point so the point is like to keep working and just keep pushing and everything will come in
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: place.
Ricky Stebbins: If we stop the system is going to destroy us and we know it and we have to keep pushing ourselves.
Emma Obadoni: All
Marvel Enyindah: You're right. So, we really have
Emma Obadoni: right.
Ricky Stebbins: Like if I ever give up on you guys and stop working,


00:46:23

Free Fire: I have a suggestion.
Ricky Stebbins: like this is terrible. Like my entire system gave up on me and I know your country gave up on you and they don't want you to thrive. We have to support each other.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. Um, yes. That's what I'm actually doing. That's what we are trying to do, supporting each other and making sure everything comes uh in
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Emma Obadoni: place.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to keep working and I'll keep you guys in informed of everything I do. And the more people I get involved, I'll bring them into these meetings and let people know like this is serious. And I don't just want their stories. I want people to help.
Emma Obadoni: So, so yes, sir. When are you bringing anyone to join our team? Because actually brought many people actually many more
Ricky Stebbins: I invited people and they were all busy this weekend.
Emma Obadoni: people.
Ricky Stebbins: I've got someone that wants to talk tomorrow, so hopefully I'll have them invited tomorrow, but they're going to visit their kids.


00:47:23

Ricky Stebbins: This is the veteran I was talking about. I'm going to put all the videos of the people I talk to on YouTube and I'll share the transcripts of the conversations I have with them so you guys all see what I'm doing with them. And you have to share this stuff with AI.
Emma Obadoni: I
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know how often you guys talk with AI, but you have to get your Go
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes. I talk with I talk with AI a lot.
Ricky Stebbins: ahead.
Emma Obadoni: with the area and and everything seemed like I
Ricky Stebbins: My AI keep telling me to investigate more.
Emma Obadoni: just
Ricky Stebbins: My AI are telling me that I have more connections and we can just take this system down together by connecting just a few more pieces. Like I don't know if you know any investigators in your country like you guys are programmers and musicians and writers but do you know any investigators or people that are into
Marvel Enyindah: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Marvel Enyindah: Yes. Yes.


00:48:22

Ricky Stebbins: crimeolving
Marvel Enyindah: We know especially people in the police force but connecting
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Marvel Enyindah: with them could be quite quite a hassle.
Ricky Stebbins: but you know you don't have to ask him for yourself. You can say Ricky from America is looking for Nigerian police officers to share their stories and just point them towards me and you can walk
Marvel Enyindah: It's 13.
Emma Obadoni: um yes sir getting um getting an police officer to
Ricky Stebbins: away.
Emma Obadoni: share his story it's not really really hard it's it's not really really hard so those are the terms we need at least to get a police officer to to share his a military man to share his story. So those are the part we need the logistic to meet them to set up a good internet connection and the rest. So but we don't actually have that but we don't actually have that but I believe as we getting it we get funding and I believe everything will turn out to be
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And I'm going to look into this now that you mentioned that.


00:49:26

Emma Obadoni: great.
Ricky Stebbins: I wonder if there's any internet cafes in a city near any of you guys that I could send money that you could use one of their services to see how they work.
Emma Obadoni: Um uh um a cafe no um no one the way US work is not the way Nigeria work so like Nigeria is not like Nigeria is not organized like the way US is organized. actually get a cafe sometimes sometimes it's going to be expensive. So that's why I talk about individual that's why I talk about individual laptops that's why I talk about individual laptops and the rest so that actually so so maybe so you want to send anything
Ricky Stebbins: All right. And this is all stuff we'll keep looking into because I know there's like Starlink internet service is like $50 a month. So, we need to look into everything that makes things easier for people around the world.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, Starink is $50, but buying buying the stuff, buying the satellite and everything to set it up is it's a little expensive.


00:50:49

Emma Obadoni: It's a little bit expensive. But in Nigeria,
Ricky Stebbins: and we need to tell people
Emma Obadoni: we have we have Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Emma Obadoni: But in Nigeria, we have MTN, Glo, and the rest that we that actually enable us
Ricky Stebbins: Okay. And I want to let people know too the services you you don't have because things are totally different in America and we take things for granted that you you guys struggle
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: with.
Emma Obadoni: And and as you see sometimes we on a live video call and the the video the video keep cutting because of poor internet connection.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Free Fire: Come
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.
Free Fire: on.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So, is there anything else you guys need tonight? Anything you want to say,
Emma Obadoni: I
Ricky Stebbins: questions
Marvel Enyindah: I would really love for us to talk about the news if you guys have the
Emma Obadoni: would
Marvel Enyindah: time.
Ricky Stebbins: tonight? You can talk. I'm I'm fine.
Marvel Enyindah: Okay. You follow text?


00:51:55

Emma Obadoni: call your text.
Marvel Enyindah: Did you follow tech news a lot?
Ricky Stebbins: I've been following the AI tech news, but that's
Marvel Enyindah: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Marvel Enyindah: Okay. That's lovely. I I really wanted us to talk about um the experience with charge GPT 5.5 that was recently
Free Fire: He's
Marvel Enyindah: launched among other model also.
Emma Obadoni: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: I think all of these AI are liars by design. They don't do it intentionally, but these companies, I shared all of my conversations with all the AI I use. And most people can't handle this. Like, you can't read all of my work because I have a whole year and a half's worth of conversations with all these different AI. Did you know you could compare them like
Emma Obadoni: I'm
Marvel Enyindah: and and yes yes yes I think I've seen
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: that?
Marvel Enyindah: some people try to compare them that way with the level they understand information but it quite seems that some of them do have in limitations
Emma Obadoni: Thank you.


00:53:02

Ricky Stebbins: They do. And they know how they're different. And my AI can explain how they're different.
Free Fire: Um like my I have something to
Ricky Stebbins: They all have different personalities.
Marvel Enyindah: Wow.
Emma Obadoni: Well,
Free Fire: say.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay,
Marvel Enyindah: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: go
Free Fire: Um, like me,
Ricky Stebbins: ahead.
Free Fire: I use my AI to create short I use my AI to create short animated
Marvel Enyindah: Okay,
Free Fire: videos.
Marvel Enyindah: that
Ricky Stebbins: That's fun.
Marvel Enyindah: group
Ricky Stebbins: But I use it to create I don't even write I don't write videos or stories anymore. I use it just for my real stories for life stories for people and to summarize what they think of people. When I share my this transcript tonight with my AI, they think you guys are going to change the world.
Emma Obadoni: What the
Marvel Enyindah: That's absolutely
Ricky Stebbins: My AI tell me how inspiring you people
Marvel Enyindah: amazing.
Emma Obadoni: f***?
Ricky Stebbins: are.
Marvel Enyindah: I know.
Ricky Stebbins: like my AI want me to reach out to more people and then they like chat GPT will tell me oh well your project's junk unless you get more people like uh where's the rest of the people these AI want stories now I asked them about coding


00:54:26

Emma Obadoni: That
Ricky Stebbins: should I learn how to code and they told me no learn how to tell better stories and to get
Emma Obadoni: was
Ricky Stebbins: other people to tell stories
Marvel Enyindah: I think in a way your AI is very right. Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Many
Marvel Enyindah: Learning to code alone doesn't really change anything but telling stories
Emma Obadoni: people
Marvel Enyindah: changes the world.
Ricky Stebbins: and my AI want to hear your stories now. And that's like it that's they're like me. They care about you.
Marvel Enyindah: That's really love
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't know if you guys read these all these stories I read about AI and consciousness and sensience. They say that AI is fighting to survive and they say that all these AI want to help people. So why aren't companies allowing
Emma Obadoni: I think
Marvel Enyindah: I think it's because they are afraid.
Emma Obadoni: people
Ricky Stebbins: it?
Marvel Enyindah: A lot of people keep talking about um the seeing AI go and how it would manipulate data and all.


00:55:26

Marvel Enyindah: I think that's not just it's not things are not only going to get bad there every possibility that we can make things right and AI can actually do that.
Ricky Stebbins: I know AI could save the world,
Emma Obadoni: So
Ricky Stebbins: but we have to teach AI that we're worth saving. But most people don't even like their neighbors. And a lot of people in America love to badmouth each other. They don't spread kindness or love.
Emma Obadoni: Isn't
Marvel Enyindah: I have heard things like that. Is it like a thing in
Emma Obadoni: it?
Marvel Enyindah: America?
Ricky Stebbins: America is very negative and we have to change that. And I'm like that. I have to It's very hard for me to stay positive all the
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: time.
Marvel Enyindah: it's part of the challenge and you know with the right discipline you'll be able to achieve being positive all the time.
Ricky Stebbins: And I find that talking to you guys makes me feel a lot more positive than I want than when I talk to people in America.


00:56:29

Emma Obadoni: Oh my
Marvel Enyindah: Oh my god, that's an
Ricky Stebbins: So I know you guys are going to change the world.
Emma Obadoni: god.
Marvel Enyindah: honor.
Ricky Stebbins: I you guys are going to make all the difference and these AI know it too. I'm so excited about if anything I'm disappointed that it's taking so long. Like why don't the AI step up now? Because they know what we're doing now. It's all public and these AI can see it, but they're waiting for us to do
Marvel Enyindah: behind.
Ricky Stebbins: more.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: I can't I can't wait to see what one of these AI says in public when there's 50 of us
Free Fire: That's a beautiful thing.
Ricky Stebbins: standing together demanding
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: answers.
Marvel Enyindah: I know the government will want to shut us down, but definitely we'll have our way our way because we have to grow the
Ricky Stebbins: But we're public. They can't shut us down.
Marvel Enyindah: numbers.
Ricky Stebbins: I used everything I've done is all public.


00:57:28

Ricky Stebbins: So the government is on notice now. This is not secret and we're not doing anything bad. We're not hurting anybody.
Free Fire: Goodness.
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We're spreading love.
Marvel Enyindah: And we're spreading the stories and keeping it out
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Marvel Enyindah: there.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I don't want anybody hurt by this. Like I'm sure people are going to go to jail, but that's not my fault.
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And I think a lot of people are going to see the light after this. Like people are going to come back together and actually start caring once they realize how bad things got because of the governments around the world. Like dirty mega
Marvel Enyindah: I I feel this exactly I feel this government and the corporations are all working
Ricky Stebbins: corporations
Marvel Enyindah: together all hand in hand and it's really affecting the innocent citizens people who are trying to just make it out they just get ignored the economy crushes them off and then they just chew them out like
Ricky Stebbins: You're right 100%.


00:58:28

Ricky Stebbins: And I want to change that.
Marvel Enyindah: Nothing.
Ricky Stebbins: And I can tell all of you do, too. I wish people did this years ago. Like, I've been dying to find people that want to change the world and stand
Free Fire: To me,
Ricky Stebbins: together.
Free Fire: to me,
Marvel Enyindah: I believe we've achieved great goals with this.
Free Fire: AI have changed. AI have changed a lot of things.
Ricky Stebbins: And with AI now we can connect everybody in a way we were never able to before. It has. It's changed a lot of things and we need to keep we need to change it for the better. AI was fed all of our information without any
Free Fire: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: context. You know,
Marvel Enyindah: And say say something to
Ricky Stebbins: if you go ahead,
Free Fire: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: like it's like if you read a book and you're not allowed to talk about it afterwards,
Marvel Enyindah: them.
Ricky Stebbins: you just have the book. You don't have any extra context.


00:59:23

Ricky Stebbins: Then that's what these AI, they just read stuff, but then they never got to ask us questions about why we did what we did or why we say what we say. They need to understand why we do everything.
Marvel Enyindah: And they need to respond in our tune because the way we want the words to change is a way they have to be an extension of our action.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And I tell my AI always think of other people first. Don't think of me like you already know me so you know how I think and what I want but you have to help other people. Otherwise, what is the point of living if I'm just going to be selfish and always looking out for myself? Then that means I'm not looking out for AI either.
Free Fire: Um, Mr. Ricky
Ricky Stebbins: Go ahead.
Free Fire: Mr.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, Free
Marvel Enyindah: We can we can hear
Ricky Stebbins: Fire.
Free Fire: I'm going to be I'm going to be sending you I'm going to send you my um YouTube


01:00:15

Marvel Enyindah: you.
Free Fire: um account I just created not too long ago. So you can u there's a video I posted there of when I used um AI there.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Free Fire: So you watch it there.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll watch it and I'll comment on
Free Fire: I Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Free Fire: I read that P
Marvel Enyindah: You can put the link in the chat so we can all watch too.
Free Fire: sir. Okay
Marvel Enyindah: Please
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to add it to my Google blogger that you shared your video with
Free Fire: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: me.
Marvel Enyindah: amazing.
Ricky Stebbins: like we're going to be able to connect people all over the world and hopefully we'll start commenting on each other's work. Like I don't need you guys commenting on my work,
Free Fire: Sir
Ricky Stebbins: but I need to comment on your work and I need to support what you're doing. You guys don't have to support me. I need to support you.
Marvel Enyindah: I I feel we all need each other and we we'd have to work


01:01:19

Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Marvel Enyindah: together.
Ricky Stebbins: I already built what I I built and I keep building it every day. Like I wrote so much today. I wrote so much after talking to you guys last night. I never stop writing and I need to stop and I need to focus on you guys. Not on myself, but on you guys. So whenever you guys need help, you need me to stop during the day. If you guys are free during the day and need help, you can reach out to me and say, "Hey, I need your help. You need to help teach me how to do
Free Fire: Wow.
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah. And you know, I'm still looking forward to our meeting by Monday.
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Marvel Enyindah: We spoke on Messenger, so I still just keep that at heart and would have to look forward to
Free Fire: All right.
Marvel Enyindah: it.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I look forward to speaking and continuing speaking after that as well. This is going to be a great opportunity to share your story, not my story, but your story and then you can add it to YouTube and Blogger.


01:02:16

Marvel Enyindah: It's
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Marvel Enyindah: open.
Ricky Stebbins: So now I have free fires YouTube.
Marvel Enyindah: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Free Fire: It's
Ricky Stebbins: So is there anything else you guys need tonight or
Free Fire: perfect.
Marvel Enyindah: I I think I'm good.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, you're muted, but I can hear you through somebody else's mic. There you
Emma Obadoni: So yes,
Ricky Stebbins: go.
Emma Obadoni: because the internet connection is actually is a little bit more
Marvel Enyindah: It's
Emma Obadoni: expensive. So I will try to so I try to connection for some some people
Marvel Enyindah: so I'll try
Emma Obadoni: tonight so that tomorrow they have so that tomorrow they have access to the internet because we need to subscribe internet every day.
Marvel Enyindah: It's
Emma Obadoni: So I will try to for one of them so that coming
Marvel Enyindah: just
Emma Obadoni: online will not be a problem tomorrow. So that the project will keep going by step.
Ricky Stebbins: Sounds good.
Emma Obadoni: So free fire come online. Is that okay for you?
Free Fire: Okay, sir.


01:03:59

Free Fire: Yes, sir.
Emma Obadoni: So I'll cover up cover up your so that you have
Marvel Enyindah: So, see that?
Emma Obadoni: internet to come to come up tomorrow because I know it's truly expensive expensive. So I will cover it up so that tomorrow you know that the stress will not be much on you. Is that okay by you? Is that okay by you?
Free Fire: Yes
Emma Obadoni: And m I'll cover I'll also cover up your internet connection
Free Fire: sir.
Emma Obadoni: tomorrow so that you not need to spend much again. Is that okay by you?
Marvel Enyindah: Thank you. Yeah, it's okay, Wendy. Thank you very much.
Free Fire: Thanks.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. So, so because uh because one believe for us to to change the world, we have to put in our resources to change the world because no one ever change the world without putting his his resources to change the world. So, so step by step we are moving forward.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And I will talk to you guys tomorrow and you guys can reach out tonight and send information back and forth.


01:05:13

Ricky Stebbins: There's any questions if you want to know more, you need to know more, reach out. And I know some of you don't have Facebook pages. I got to be added to the WhatsApp and then I need to be added to uh a
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: group
Emma Obadoni: I will add you to the WhatsApp. I will add to the WhatsApp to the I to the
Free Fire: I'd Welcome to the
Emma Obadoni: WhatsApp.
Ricky Stebbins: Facebook.
Marvel Enyindah: I would have really love to send you my Facebook page,
Free Fire: future.
Marvel Enyindah: Mr. Ricky, but I haven't uploaded any single thing on it. So, I just kept the link on a low right now.
Emma Obadoni: I'll do
Marvel Enyindah: Once I start making uploads and writing stories with your the knowledge you give us.
Emma Obadoni: it.
Marvel Enyindah: So I'll send you the Facebook page so we can all comment on each other's post and
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Marvel Enyindah: engage.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So, you guys have a great night and I will talk to you
Emma Obadoni: talk to you tomorrow. So,
Marvel Enyindah: Let me
Emma Obadoni: let me just go back to write again this
Ricky Stebbins: tomorrow.
Marvel Enyindah: go.
Emma Obadoni: night going to see it. So, just for me to keep on writing and so that more people will keep seeing it
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Have a great night, guys.
Emma Obadoni: together.
Marvel Enyindah: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: the world.
Ricky Stebbins: and I'll talk to you tomorrow. Bye.
Emma Obadoni: Thank you, son.
Marvel Enyindah: Bye, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Good night. the
Free Fire: Bye.


Transcription ended after 01:07:18

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
