dfn-zuck-iho (2026-02-09 13:01 GMT-5) - Transcript
Attendees
Kathryn Dressler, Ricky Stebbins
Transcript
Kathryn Dressler: Time's one of those things like you can never get back and…
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. This I'm teaching everybody…
Kathryn Dressler: when people give of it especially to help others, it means a lot.
Ricky Stebbins: how to do this for free. I'm on disability. I found a whole bunch of free tools and we're going to rock the system.
Kathryn Dressler: So, I'm actually disabled. I've had my case open since August 2022, and it's still going. So actually a lot of my case too cases ties into ADA barriers and…
Ricky Stebbins: Here's what I do for people.
Kathryn Dressler: title 2 violations as well as a lot of others. So I'm not quite sure where you want to start. I guess I'll let you kind of lead that right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not telling you anything. I'm going to teach you how to take what you have and use it as a weapon against the system with other people.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah. …
Ricky Stebbins: Let me tell you…
Kathryn Dressler: so I'm not a lawyer.
Ricky Stebbins: what happened to me first.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm not a lawyer, but my father and my grandfather are both Harvard law like sum kumlad graduates and…
Ricky Stebbins: …
Kathryn Dressler: they're deceased and…
Ricky Stebbins: so if they have law degrees, they can help us.
Kathryn Dressler: my father actually took his life as a part of all of this.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry to hear that.
Kathryn Dressler: And when I say that, I mean I witnessed it as well. And he was also our city's first elected mayor and…
Ricky Stebbins: Where are you from? Okay.
Kathryn Dressler: so Fort Lauderdale originally. I live in Darien now, but he's the mayor who killed Spring Break in South Florida. everyone down there knows him of him what happened. and there's no short way to say it, but my case was dormant. it started in family court. no, it started in criminal court. My daughter's father was arrested because I had video of him attacking me after he was repeatedly entering our daughter's room, harassing, traumatizing her. She was 2 years old. He wouldn't stop. So, I picked up my phone to be like, "Hey man, should probably stop. you're being like I'm recording you." Didn't care. Acknowledged being recorded. Kept doing it.
Kathryn Dressler: She's in the videos, you can see it. And then I turned, for a second to she ran for the door. And when I turned, he attacked me to make me drop the phone so he could try to smash it and destroy the evidence. I got the phone, I called 911, they came out, they arrested him, they charged him, and they released him, but they didn't tell me any of that, even though I was supposed to be told.  So the very first thing he did was return to our home and I found out he was released cuz my brother was watching it. And so I was at the courthouse applying for TTRO's in the family division because the state never told me anything.
Kathryn Dressler: And so had I known that he was charged. And so with that charge, there was a in addition to the no contact order tied to the RO release. I never would have applied for anything in the family division because I would have been protected. But again, nobody told me anything. So I applied for these TTRO. They're granted. He still went there. My mom was watching my daughter.  She'd left and fled basically. But he went there, he went in, couldn't find his phone, went to two neighbors, then my aunt's house as well. And this is all documented to the state family law attorneys, like his pre-trial release officer, right? Nobody does anything. Comes back that's where it all started.
Kathryn Dressler: And then I filed for dissolution he was arrested May I got the TTRO's May 3rd, 2022. I applied for dissolution May 9th,…
Kathryn Dressler: 2022 because I was told by family law attorneys that's like what I had to do, which was all a lie. So I didn't have access to my case files…
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: until last year. this has been going on for years, right? But yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: I know.
Kathryn Dressler: and so while this criminal case is again proceeding and…
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing's quick with them.
Kathryn Dressler: supreme, I'm forced into these TTRO hearings and I'm like not there is a criminal case.  How can you tell me this is going in front of a judge when it's based on the same instance incidents the same party the the same date I'm again ignored told literally I have the emails I filed him in the docket where all these attorneys are talking about my father who again they know of who is also diagnosed with Parkinson's how I have no money cuz I'm disabled how I need to go down this gal path and
00:05:00
Kathryn Dressler: pay another 30,000 like crazy stuff and again forcing me to voluntarily dismiss these TTRO and I'm straight up like no I want to go in front of a judge and I want to tell them what happened and I want them to watch these videos and I want them to tell me it's not domestic vi you can't see him hit me because he hit me and I dropped my phone but you see him come at  me. You see the phone fall as it's falling. You see my daughter crying a st like she's right there. And again, the state opened a case, but they didn't tell me anything for weeks. And so I'm told these TTRO are dismissed, which I never participated in. I'm like, how?
Kathryn Dressler: Then I talked to the state attorney and she's like, " if you dismissed it in family court, it'll automatically dismiss it in the criminal case." And I'm like,…
Ricky Stebbins: I hear you.
Kathryn Dressler: "What the f***?" Pardon my French. but it continued, with that case while family court continued and trying to again override orders, force contact against criminal no contact.  keeps going on and on and on and eventually after he does batters inter intervention program because he pleads guilt. So the TTRO's that I had in the family division again based on the same thing the court claimed I voluntarily dismissed them which never happened. Now that I can see the files even the hearing proceedings it'll like the dismissal order says I appeared in person and dismissed it but the rest of it is blank.
Kathryn Dressler: the hearing notes or minutes show that only my attorney and his attorney were at this hearing and it's all fraud.  And so the original judge on my case, he denied the father any restoration of custody or rights in the one hearing we've had ever in over three and a half years, which was called for him on temporary relief time sharing. And that the judge was like, " yeah, I'm about to, grant this. Why wouldn't I?"
Kathryn Dressler: and just happens to ask,…
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Kathryn Dressler: What do I think?" And I read a book called Splitting. I don't know if you've ever heard of it. It's really, really good. It's about divorcing a narcissist in family court and custody and what to expect, but how to present your case without saying, "Hey, this person's a narcissist." Because, you got to be careful. so he asked me and I'm, hold the language.  I'm like, your honor, if we're truly to consider the best interests of a child, safety, but also emotional well-being are extremely important. And as you know, this all started because he literally attacked me in front of our daughter. Its, on video. It's in the criminal court. He hadn't plead guilty yet. He plead non-guilty to everything despite video.
Kathryn Dressler: And I'm like, you can tell from his behavior and his actions like here today because him and his attorney are screaming at me calling me a liar. I'm like, when somebody thinks that it's okay to hit women, to commit abuse in front of children,…
Ricky Stebbins: No heat.
Kathryn Dressler: there's nothing in their best interest about being around that person. And furthermore, she's in her core neurocognitive developmental years. And children look at their parents and the behaviors to see what is acceptable and what becomes their norms. This is not acceptable and it's not normal. And furthermore, when somebody does these things and you can tell from their behavior, they do not feel any remorse. They do not feel any wrongdoing. then there's absolutely nothing to suggest that anything would ever change and that this behavior would not just continue repeating. And furthermore, this is a young girl who has watched her father attack her mother,…
Ricky Stebbins: Excellent.
Kathryn Dressler: but let's not forget it wasn't because we were in a disagreement. I filmed him traumatizing her and I was hit as a result.  And so he ended up completely flipping everything around and he's like, "Okay, so to truly consider a child's best interest, we must also consider their, being and that includes emotional well-being." And then he asks what he thought and they're literally screaming like calling me a liar, all this stuff.
00:10:00
Kathryn Dressler: Anyways, he pisses off the judge so much that the judge says, "I'm going to deny all of this. I'm going to order you to do four supervised visits at faces, but after that and before there's any consideration of restoration of rights, custody, anything, we're coming back to hearing and she's going to have a chance to present evidence of ongoing abuse.  And if she shows that, you're gonna lose the rights to ever see your children or your child again, just like the case I tried just last week. So he already knew the amount of evidence I had. So after that hearing, he fires his counsel, tells me he's going to stop pursuing custody and litigation. My dad's got Parkinson's. We lost our home cuz he financially abandoned us and has never paid child support in over threeome years.
Kathryn Dressler: whatever. And I'm just like, "Okay, fine. We'll just leave those matters on the table cuz again, trying to heal, help my dad, all this stuff." Then all of a sudden, I get an e alert that my case is reactivated and there's a hearing. And I'm like, immediately I freak out. I tell my dad he witnessed it all.
Kathryn Dressler: I lost my brother because for us to move into father's my brother had to be displaced and my dad did not want to do that because he knew he would end up dead and he did less than six months after again we lost our marital home.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: You hear that?
Kathryn Dressler: So the court allowed all of this and the criminal court to go on. So that was October June 2024, I get this Three days later, my dad takes his life in front of me. I think that's not bad enough…
Ricky Stebbins: That's horrifying.
Kathryn Dressler: because he was in office. Someone from on scene tipped off the current mayor who then literally pitched it to the media. And so within an hour of them leaving a crime scene lockdown, it's public news. And because I used to work in media, it was confirmed that's exactly how it happened.  So, it was announced by Maratron Talis and Channel 10 on their ex pages before I could tell my daughter his only s like before I could even, process and again because of the notoriety and I had people showing up at my house. I had people calling me like it was horrific and I to got left with a stack of his estate stuff.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm the only sibling remaining. I don't know what the hell is going on. Why anything is reactivated cuz the dad had left us alone since the hearing that May of the year prior. So, we were doing fine. I tried to access my case files. Clerk wouldn't let me. I'm like, here's an order where my attorney withdrew that the judge signed saying I give me access to my files.
Kathryn Dressler: you need to complete another form. And I'm like, I don't have time. this is within a month period. So, I have to hire another counsel. They know what's happened. I told what happened before I had to hire an attorney. She wouldn't even give me a postponement. I'm like, my father literally took his life in front of me. I don't know why this is called or what's going on. I can't even access my files.  and the JA tells me they won't grant a postponement and I still have to show up on July 9th when he took his life June 17th and then I had to sell that house cuz 3,000 mortgage I can't afford. So, craziness, right? And I still don't have access to my files.
Kathryn Dressler: So, this magistrate, as it turns out, because I hired counsel, the very first thing she says when I show up for this hearing, I called this because I saw that neither party had counsel and…
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Kathryn Dressler: this case was filed in 2022. So, I called this hearing to help speed the process along to clear the docket verbatim. And I'm telling the attorney number four, what is going on? Cuz attorney number three, when he withdrew specifically told me and him, the court won't move on without you. so long as neither of you file anything,…
00:15:00
Kathryn Dressler: you're not going to be called back into active hearings. They all ignore it. I'm like,…
Ricky Stebbins: Do you have a lawyer now?
Kathryn Dressler: the f***? I've fired them all and They're all in my federal cases. I have zero.
Ricky Stebbins: Do you need a lawyer I don't know what the words because you're disabled. So, you should qualify for a CPCS lawyer in Massachusetts is what it's called.
Kathryn Dressler: So, in this is where it gets complicated, said this was filed in Broward, but because my father died, that's where we were staying. I couldn't afford the home. This was also a 2024 hurricane season where the whole city is flooding. So, all of our stuff gets destroyed. We have nowhere to go. The money's tied up in the sale. So, I came to Brunswick in Georgia because hurricanes were literally hitting all over the east coast.
Kathryn Dressler: So I came up here to literally preserve what we had left. And on the way lost my wallet, my computer, everything, which takes a long time to replace from nothing even to get a mailbox, right? So I we fall in love up here.
Ricky Stebbins: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: I look at properties. I scour, FEMA maps to make sure everything's safe.  I find a new construction house build out of metal that I can buy outright that's 3 miles from the school that she was enrolled in and we had established residency here. So it went from Broward but then however I moved when there was no custody proceedings under emergency circumstances.  I'm also supposed to be protected under VAWA, Violence Against Women's Act, since me and my daughter are legally proven victims of domestic violence, and we were established under UCCCJA. So, to your question, in Florida, they don't have any proono family law In Georgia, every attorney has said, " this is a Florida case."
Kathryn Dressler: But in actuality, he had moved to Miami Dade two years ago. So he didn't even live in Broward. I had to leave Broward, not by choice, but by the absolute definition of emergency. And with the little amount of money I had left, I needed to make sure the house that I got wasn't just going to get destroyed all over again.  So, this magistrate, the same one, sends another email after we've already moved, we've been up here saying it's ready for final hearing. An attorney tells me I have to respond when I'm like, now I can access my docket. I can see that when she reactivated it last year, they sent the notice to the marital home that we lost because he financially abandoned us.
Kathryn Dressler: And I was never served at all. I didn't even know about magistrate non-consent at that time. and I just kept being told, " if you don't show up, they're going to issue Amber alerts and…
Ricky Stebbins: They use scare tactics.
Kathryn Dressler: criminal." I'm like, "What the f*** is going on?" I'm not an attorney, but isn't there a thing called the Constitution where we're but again telling me as attorneys, as magistrates, as judges, and so I did enter, hearing in 2025. I think the first one she called was February.  And the very first thing attorney number five said was, "I was planning to pursue termination of his parental rights given chronic abuse, like complete abandonment, no contact or communication or relationship with the child in years." U and she immediately says, " there's no domestic violence in this case."
Ricky Stebbins: They can lie.  Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: And I'm like, " I see you had two TTRO's and you dismissed them." And I'm like, "No." " I didn't." And so she just again keeps going on. Nope. There's no domestic violence because you just missed these two TTRO.  Not to mention, he plead guilt in the criminal case, thereby also proving the validity of the TTRO's, which I only just found out they fraudulently dismissed. So, those still technically stand, right? But anyways, this magistrate's like, " you kidnapped the child. You relocated while custody matters and case matters were proceeding. You're in content."
00:20:00
Kathryn Dressler: just stating all these things as fact. And I'm like, can I show you e evident? what? And so she makes us start driving to Fort Lauderdale every weekend to do supervised visitation when I've already documented years of abuse.  My daughter is diagnosed with PTSD at age four, tied to the initial DV, but then also severe trauma every time she's been forced to speak with him over talking parents, which the family court ordered in violation of all of these other orders. And it was documented by a former school.
Kathryn Dressler: I documented it in this previsitation intake paperwork specifically saying this whole visitation is harmful and traumatic. I don't see how you can say it's safe when you're negating psychological harm and trauma. every time this happens, here's what happens.  and her school without even knowing sent home a note two days after I submitted these pre-intake abuse disclosures saying she had sudden onset severe psychological and behavioral outbursts completely unlike the child they had known in the weeks previous and so I ended up having to speak to the teacher and tell her what happened and then we were forced to keep doing this visitation my daughter woke up on the last visit
Kathryn Dressler: screaming and crying in such severe abdominal pain I've never seen her hurt her before and she told me she needed to go to the hospital. But I was told I had to bring her to these supervised visits no matter what. So I tell the dad and I tell the therapist "Hey, I'm extremely worried. I want to take her to the doctor, but legally I guess I have to bring her to the fac but in their own rules it says they're supposed to cancel it. They make her stay for 2 hours knowing we had to drive another 8 hours back and…
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Kathryn Dressler: she ends up hospitalized not once but twice with meenteric adonitis which is very similar to appendicitis.  And so she was home from school for a week. That was hospitalization number one. Then she went back to school for a day and then the next day woke up screaming, crying again. So I had to take the first she went to the hospital by The second time I drove her to a pediatric hospital in Savannah and I wrote to this visitation facility and I wrote to all of them and I said, "I am not bringing her back. I told you all this was dangerous.
Kathryn Dressler: I documented it. I gave you the teacher's notes. You all knew she was in severe pain. You refused to allow me to take her to get medical attention knowing again I had to rent hotels down there. So, literally when it was over, we had to drive 8 hours back to Darien.  Then I'm reporting all of you. this is medical neglect and abuse with and I filed prosay filings. Within 10 days, the Broward County judge overseeing the magistrate issued a child pickup order directly to Macintosh County Sheriff while he lives in Miami Dade and is based on an alleged hearing that never happened.
Ricky Stebbins: That's horrifying.
Kathryn Dressler: that's nowhere on the docket. There's no custody order. There's no modification to any of my standing orders. And I'm like, "What the?" Cuz I got the e alert and I'm like, "What the f***?" and so my mom came up from Fort Lauderdale cuz I was like, "Listen, I don't know what's going on, but I need a witness. I need somebody else here."  And so she came up and me and my daughter were visiting with her at a hotel nearby and three armed officers, this is the following Monday, show up and they literally have their weapons out to enforce a child pick a border again based on nothing.
Kathryn Dressler: And before that was even issued, I filed exparte UCCCJA petition in Macintosh court which was opened then dismissed that same day as the first pickup order. No hearing saying I misapplied UCCCJA and that there were custody proceedings in Broward, which again is a lie. There were no custody proceedings.  So dismissed my case and then the following Monday he came up here went and filed a civil enforcement order of a foreign custody judgment using this pickup order which is not a custody order. there's no hearing.
00:25:00
Kathryn Dressler: There's literally no hearing findings, but they all conspired to say that I was crazy and dangerous, that I'm dangerous, literally after I'm the only one who got my child medical care, and she needed a follow-up appointment with a pediatric surgeon, which I also had scheduled. And they signed off on his order. They tracked my vehicle down somehow, I don't even know, at a hotel and…
Kathryn Dressler: three armed officers forced me while she's screaming and crying like to pass her over.
Ricky Stebbins: They do this to traumatize you and…
Ricky Stebbins: your children. it's not a joke. And it's all intentional. And you did everything right and you never had a chance because the entire system is designed to do this to you.
Kathryn Dressler: And again, I know it's crazy,…
Ricky Stebbins: You can let it out.
Ricky Stebbins: It's okay.
Kathryn Dressler: I expected it from Florida, but why Macintosh?
Ricky Stebbins: But it's everywhere. It's the entire country. It's the world. Canada and Mexico are like this too.
Kathryn Dressler: And that's why I want to say my cases are crazy because I've reported this directly to the governor who by the way is linked in the Epstein files and cases by the way.
Ricky Stebbins: All of They're all dirty. They're all connected.
Kathryn Dressler: it's all come out and I've documented such extensive detail across every three different county divisions, right? Miami Dade, Macintosh, Broward, Florida Appallet Courts, Florida Supreme Court, the US District Court of Southern Florida, to state attorneys. there was a criminal investigation that was open into the judge who issued the pickup order, which was done in secret and…
Ricky Stebbins: all the same.
Kathryn Dressler: then dismissed without ever contacting me. And while they refused to speak to me, I saw the investigation online and I'm like, "Hey, this is the same judge and this sounds an awful lot like my case. So, hey, state attorney, is this my case? Because if it is, I want to speak to you.  And here's all my evidence because if it's not my case and this shows pattern behavior that, it's very severe, refused to speak to me. Said, " we have to talk to your attorney." I said, "I don't have an attorney." I just fired that one. Refused to call me back, refused to speak to me, issued a letter in the mail closing it as meritless. Yet that was July 31st, 2025.
Kathryn Dressler: The very next day, the Southern District of Florida docketed my emergency exparte habius corpus petition. But then they dragged it on, refused to even my point in all of these there's no juris like this is insane. Tell me how a Broward County judge has any authority or jurisdiction to issue a child pickup order directly to a Georgia county sheriff's department when he lives in Miami Dade.
Kathryn Dressler: There's no custody order. And hey, I've already filed and talked to Miami date. It was never domesticated. None of you three courts communicated here's a secret investigation that was open and what in the actual again…
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: because my dad was a politician. He was also a Marine Corvette and he took his life because of all this. I'm even if this cost me my own, I'm naming all of these*****. I thought the federal court would do something, but instead they just allowed it all to keep going. I'm on judge number six now.
Ricky Stebbins: They're in on this and they can't do anything until we get things right. So, do you have a scanner or laptop that you use?
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah, I have both.
Ricky Stebbins: This is going to be way easier.
Ricky Stebbins: Do you have all your paperwork on PDF or in text documents?
Kathryn Dressler: PDFs and…
Kathryn Dressler: the word docs. Yeah. that's…
00:30:00
Ricky Stebbins: right, this is going to be way easier. We I'll teach you how to set up files on your computer. We're going to have it all labeled by date and then we have to summarize everything.
Kathryn Dressler: where I'm drowning because I've got Furpa complaints and things open. I've got now this Georgia one.
Kathryn Dressler: 
Ricky Stebbins: The nice thing about it,…
Ricky Stebbins: we don't need all of it. We're going to start with even if we have five different pieces of paper. We're going to file those file five get them in folders and I'm going to show you what the AI says and you're like, "Oh my god." And then if you just work for 20 minutes a day doing paperwork, don't stress yourself out. Do it when you're happy. Put some music on. And I work with people for free.
Ricky Stebbins: like we're talking right now.
Kathryn Dressler: 
Kathryn Dressler: No, you're mate. That's what I'm saying. I can't tell you how much I appreciate it because everyone I talk to is just like what?
Ricky Stebbins: Let me stop you here. If you don't share your story,…
Kathryn Dressler: that's…
Ricky Stebbins: All the work I've done is for nothing. I've done a s*** ton of work and you've done a s*** ton of work, but if we don't share it, it's for nothing. So, I appreciate what you're doing, but we need to help each other now. It's like you can't do it alone.
Kathryn Dressler: how Ellis came across me cuz I posted almost was like I've got two federal I've got all these others and I've got proof and receipts. It's just all these different courts keep setting deadlines and…
Kathryn Dressler: 
Ricky Stebbins: You're alone.
Kathryn Dressler: they're not complying with ADA and…
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't matter what you do. You've done everything right and you are going to lose alone. You're fighting thousands and thousands of people working together alone.
Ricky Stebbins: Every lawyer you've talked to has lied to you or told you a half truth.
Kathryn Dressler: yeah no it's straight up lies and I know there's so much evidence but that's how I connected with those. I was like, I'm going to take them down somehow. I see you're on the same page.
Ricky Stebbins: What? This is my I'm going to teach you…
Kathryn Dressler: Let's combine organization's not my strong point, but I'm pretty savvy with laws and…
Ricky Stebbins: how to organize because it's like you go to the store.
Kathryn Dressler: that is the biggest blessing.
Ricky Stebbins: If somebody told you, "Hey, we're going to cook this tonight. I want to cook this." Why would I tell you to do it instead of doing it together? I want you to organize your paperwork. You just told me you don't know…
Ricky Stebbins: how to do it. So, I need to help you do it. That's it. End of discussion.
Kathryn Dressler: There's so much at this point and…
Kathryn Dressler: there's so many parallel things and…
Kathryn Dressler: again because I am by myself even with these federal courts they don't let you file online they won't give me That's fine.
Ricky Stebbins: We're not worried about that.
Ricky Stebbins: I want your story while we're doing this. right now, I'm transcribing this and I'm going to send you a copy of it so you can see. I've got another meeting after this to it, too. So, I won't be able to send it to you till later. But when you see…
Kathryn Dressler: I've done a lot of work and…
Ricky Stebbins: how you're and…
Kathryn Dressler: even if it doesn't work out in my case, like I want I have not seen my daughter…
Ricky Stebbins: it's going to work out in everybody's cases. And I don't think it's going to work out the way people think. I'm not going to get a million dollars and he's going to get 50 million. we're all going to win and have to decide what we do.
Kathryn Dressler: since May 27th.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm so sorry to hear that.
Ricky Stebbins: My kids think I'm a piece of s*** and they're in their 20s and they're like, "f*** you.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm what do you mean you don't want to talk to me? It's not my fault. I can explain everything if you listen.
Kathryn Dressler: Ll when they get to a certain age,…
Kathryn Dressler: I'm sure they will. I came from a really** up background. I was also destroyed in family court. that's Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: You need to share your story. with this Google Blogger set up for free, I have my life story, then I have this story and that story, and they're all different pages. Tell your story.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm excited to see…
Kathryn Dressler: what you have cuz I'm pretty techsavvy, but truly at every second of every day it's just like it's not even been trying to get my daughter like I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: misery. And…
Ricky Stebbins: how do you ignore it?
Kathryn Dressler: He came up here. He used the same b** order to withdraw her from the school, transfer her to Florida. I didn't even know. that's why I've got again in addition to court cases like Furpa complaints.
Kathryn Dressler: It's just I used to be organized but when you've got this many they do it deliberately and…
Ricky Stebbins: They do this to overwhelm you and…
Ricky Stebbins: you're all alone.
Kathryn Dressler: they do it purposely exactly for that reason.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm on disability.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, I got all this free time. I've been online for the last year trying to nag people. Let me help you. And Facebook and Reddit blocked me from doing stuff like that. They hide my comments and I made posts about this because I am** ripped. So your case involves this too.
Kathryn Dressler: I believe it.
Kathryn Dressler: I believe it.
Ricky Stebbins: This is a RICO case against all these tech companies. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: So that was the next step that I was planning to file a civil reco. going to do it in Tallahassee because again I haven't even gotten a DCF but I've had so many investigations open and closed in different counties and through the invest IG who again fraudulently closed the investigation and now it's come out during the same period of time the Santaas DCF and all these other organizations misused and…
00:35:00
Kathryn Dressler: misspent and funneled millions of dollars into anti-abortion ads instead of conducting and making sure that women and children doing their** jobs, which is what I've been saying in all my filings. So, I'm glad you mentioned it cuz I'm like, look it up and I'm like, okay, Rico's a pretty severe one.
Ricky Stebbins: I've already got it.
Kathryn Dressler: But yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: And chances are you already have it, but your paperwork isn't machine ready, so it didn't tell you. And I'm going to help you get it ready.
Kathryn Dressler: that when there's that many parties and evidence, that's where I struggle. It's like what is I have so much evidence. How do you pick the most compelling when there's so many and when I say personally named the governor, the senator, DCF investigators, all the state attorneys, the judges, the magistrates,…
Kathryn Dressler: the clerk who's also hidden and sealed. it's insane. I sound insane,…
Ricky Stebbins: I believe you.
Ricky Stebbins: No, you don't.
Kathryn Dressler: but I've been on this acting stuff and…
Ricky Stebbins: The funny thing is, I'm telling you, you're missing stuff. It's worse than you think. And I believe you. All of it.
Kathryn Dressler: the world's going to end tomorrow frankly. I don't know that's and…
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to change the world together. my AI when I talked to eight different AI because I'm like am I full of s*** with this idea? Would this really work? And they're like if you get a thousand people together you're going to f**** rock the entire planet because no one's ever done…
Kathryn Dressler: that's and…
Ricky Stebbins: what we've done before.
Kathryn Dressler: that's exactly how and why when I saw Elsa's post I'm like hey mine's not perfect but mine's almost I don't want to compare it to but the amount of actors and…
Ricky Stebbins: Listen, when we're all standing together,…
Kathryn Dressler: and documentation It's there. I dropped it because I don't know if these people are going to take me out. I don't know if my health is going to take me out. I wanted it all.
Ricky Stebbins: if something ever happens to you,…
Kathryn Dressler: I wanted it there.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to have your paperwork. They can't take you out cuz I'm going to have your paperwork and you're going to have my paperwork.
Ricky Stebbins: It's already public. We all know everybody's business now because I don't care about privacy. You already f***** my kids. So,
Kathryn Dressler: They refused to let me file anything under seals.
Kathryn Dressler: So, I have posted it every disclosure because I want people to see what everybody knew explicitly. I have nothing to hide. Yeah, I've got CPTTSD from this. I literally watched my father. you can't use it against me cuz I also have therapist letters that specifically state I'm sane and sound of mind.  I'm suffering severe decline and CPTTSD aggravating my existing physical disabilities solely as a result of this severe misconduct, child kidnapping, collusion, concealment, conspiracy, which I've put in combined petitions, but that's where I was going to break it out into RICO next.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm just, one person. But I've had women from Broward contact me…
Kathryn Dressler: because I'm prosay and they've told me they've had the same attorneys, they've had the same judges, the same issues.
Ricky Stebbins: Can you call them back?
Kathryn Dressler: So, I have a separate chat. That's where I came with us. I was like, I don't know what it looks like when all these people have such similar …
Ricky Stebbins: We need to document…
Kathryn Dressler: how do we together bring it forward so it's not all these independent petitions?
Kathryn Dressler: It's we do and…
Ricky Stebbins: because you don't have it documented,…
Ricky Stebbins: that's why you can't do it as a team.
Kathryn Dressler: what is that is it like a class action thing like…
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to teach you how.
Kathryn Dressler: how does that work?
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to find one young person…
Ricky Stebbins: who isn't involved with the system, and we're going to teach all these young people. They're going to have the game. They're going to take it All these law firms, all of them are dirty.
Ricky Stebbins: All of them.
Kathryn Dressler: Trust me.
Kathryn Dressler: My dad told me 30 years ago to me and…
Ricky Stebbins: All of them.
Kathryn Dressler: my brother don't ever become an attorney because the system so he did will estate and…
Ricky Stebbins: This soul on purpose. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: probate law. But family court ruined my life when we were kids. It destroyed both of my parents. It destroyed me and my brother. And it's everything I wanted to avoid for my child. And I did nothing wrong. I'm a legally adjudicated victim and also legally disabled though it's not ruled on but we did nothing and my daughter was literally stolen by armed officers in the second county in Georgia I lived…
00:40:00
Kathryn Dressler: where I bought my home outright yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: They do that to traumatize your kids so that they need therapy so that they can charge them more for therapy.
Ricky Stebbins: It's a whole system. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: And they did it and DCF has her I'm like and the visitation I want to take them all down. It's not even about the money for me. It's about this is* sick and it's f**** wrong and it is literally cost my family lives.  it'll be over my dead body that I'm not gonna shut up until it clicks or something happens because this is bigger than me. I know it happens to other people.
Kathryn Dressler: I haven't known what you do when you have all these people with the same experiences, different cases, but a lot of the same players and…
Kathryn Dressler: then now with all these Epstein things coming out, it's like do you think the court system's going to collapse though?
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to get them all.
Ricky Stebbins: This is our time. We just need to get our paperwork organized the right way. And you got to help other people.
Kathryn Dressler: They're all we know that,…
Ricky Stebbins: We No. The court's not going to collapse.
Kathryn Dressler: right? every f*** No,…
Ricky Stebbins: No, nothing's going to collapse. We're taking it over. It's ours now. I'm going to be either the mayor of Springfield or the governor of Massachusetts or something. They're never going to have control of this again. it's going to be like a council. if you want to be in charge of something like we'll be in charge together in the public eye.
Kathryn Dressler: I do. Again, you can look up my dad, Robert Drestler. he raised me and my brother and I'm also ADHD which I guess there's justice sensitivity but also this has literally cost my brother's life,…
Ricky Stebbins: I do too.
Kathryn Dressler: my father's life, it's ruining my** everything I did to rebuild her safety and security. It's risking my life, my mom's disabled. I want to do anything and everything I can and it's not just for me. It's because this s*** is broken and it's corrupt and I don't mind speaking out because people know who I am. When the mayor broke that news, I jumped on his f** Twitter. I jumped on channel 10's. I blasted city hall. that's…
Kathryn Dressler: where I think mine's a little different in that I'm a legacy family in Fort Lauderdale. my dad was named an honored founder. Everyone knows…
Ricky Stebbins: So, I met someone from Ohio that's facing a legacy family.
Kathryn Dressler: who he is. when I say that,…
Ricky Stebbins: She's against a legacy family and I'll get her to get in touch with you so you can combine stories.
Kathryn Dressler: when I say that, I mean, my dad literally wrote the city's first visioning plan. He built Fort Lauderdale, in Broward County, which is the one who's doing all of this primarily now allowed by Georgia. But my dad took his life truly…
Kathryn Dressler: because he was bankrupted through all this. Having to loan me money, having to displace my brother, let me and my daughter move in. he didn't even get his own medical care. And then the only thing he knew how to do was to take his life so I'd inherit the house and…
Ricky Stebbins: I'm so sorry.
Kathryn Dressler: I could sell it and keep her safe. And then all of this, it's like, no, you took my family's blood and I'm coming for blood. It's not about the money. It's the accountability. And people do know who I am. And that's why they've been covering this all up. Georgia people don't know but everyone in Florida like my dad is again and…
Ricky Stebbins: Once you get your story online and you share it the way, hey, I copied this guy's free idea and look at
Ricky Stebbins: if people know you, this is going to spread like wildfire.
Kathryn Dressler: I have literally no problem going speaking out against anyone and everybody. It's what I do all day every day across dockets scattered but just so no one court or person can ever steal it or hide it full transparency. People think I'm crazy when I say he took his life in front of me. Here's all the proof of how it was leaked and used against us by the f*** sitting mayor.
Kathryn Dressler: all the city hall new it's grown now across states but when I say every agency and level and court I know I'm not crazy why I've been in therapy for so long just to have the ability for therapists and medical professionals to attest that I'm not crazy…
00:45:00
Ricky Stebbins: …
Kathryn Dressler: which So my therapist there I'm very selective…
Ricky Stebbins: I put my medical records online to prove that these medical professionals aren't helping us. They're just trying to get us to ignore the problems that are going on around us. That's not help.
Kathryn Dressler: because I have a lot of health issues starting with physical now but she's in Georgia and she's Georgia based she knows what's going on and so that's why she wrote me notes specifically saying she has developed CPTTSD and severe depression as a direct result of this court and…
Ricky Stebbins: Thanks.
Kathryn Dressler: the ongoing concealment and withholding of her child. This is medically dangerous and has nothing to do with anything other than the court which they choose to ignore, but it's dated times. I got two notes. but yeah, no, those facilities, the visitation ones, they're** evil. I said it from the jump. I'm like, how are you going to tell me to my face that this is a safe facility? they need to come down. They're literally only in existence to favor abusers and prophetite and racketeer. it makes my blood boil.
Kathryn Dressler: And if there's anything I can do before my whole mind and body gives out, it's to f*** it to all of them. whatever that looks like,…
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm pretty smart. I'm not organized cuz my brain's in 10,000 different ways, and…
Ricky Stebbins: That's what they've designed the system to do to you. And that's why we need to stand together to help you. And even if you get frustrated, it's okay. We'll let you get frustrated.
Kathryn Dressler: again you can Google my dad's name,…
Kathryn Dressler: Robert Drestler. You'll see stuff about his death. people they do know who he is. And again, he did take his life and my brother's. So that's when I say I don't care about speaking out. I'll go against every they've taken everything from me already. What else am I going to lose? …
Ricky Stebbins: It's funny when I say I don't care…
Ricky Stebbins: because it's like no, I'll speak out because I care. That's why I'm speaking out.
Ricky Stebbins: you guys f** me so bad that I have to care more than anything now. it's ridiculous. Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: and I hear so many women. I've studied it for so long. I know it's not unique to me. I know this goes on all the time. And that's why truly when I say it, yes, it is about me because I want my f****** daughter back and I want her safe. But no, this is all f***** and wrong and it's got to come down and it's got to change for everyone because again, this can happen to me with my own involvement in notoriety, my family's legacy,…
Kathryn Dressler: our history, and all this proof and documentation. It can literally happen to anybody. and people and…
Ricky Stebbins: And it's just going to get worse.
Kathryn Dressler: people I don't know our society it's be a good little soldier don't ask…
Ricky Stebbins: They taught us to be weak and not to stand by each other anymore, to blame each other. And I don't blame anybody anymore.
Kathryn Dressler: why don't ask questions like no that and…
Ricky Stebbins: I never shut up. I'll ask a million questions. And I'm rude and I'll interrupt people because I'm not going to follow your instructions. No.
Kathryn Dressler: that's how I raised my daughter I was listen if you have to act a certain way in school but here's is the real deal. think outside the box.
Ricky Stebbins: Thank and…
Kathryn Dressler: If you see instructions or to put something together like this picture, if you can't do it, that's not wrong. Think about other ways you can use these things So,…
Ricky Stebbins: not to be rude, I want your paperwork because I want to find out what you did wrong. this is what she needs to fix and this is where your lawyer lied to you because I'm sure you missed a ton of stuff. I want to prove you did everything you were supposed to do and you had no chance anyway because you're dealing with liars.
Kathryn Dressler: Because I've got so many documents. I've got pretty deep I mean I have a lot in the federal cases. My first one was largely it was labeled habius but I had a bunch of other civil and criminal charges.  They ended up dismissing it claiming it was custody related and so I'd already filed a new case in Georgia. But as a response to that judge, I went through his order line by line versus my petition and evidence and I posted notice of jurisdictional defects basically again saying you're lying and you're miscatategorizing my petition as custody related when there were no custody proceedings.
Kathryn Dressler: there's no custody order. You're lying in a judicial order. here's the framework for judicial misconduct because I had already filed federal misconduct complaints in the 11th circuit which were open. Then they just tried to dismiss them. So then I had to do a rule Fun times. and I refiled in Georgia as multiple counts.  So those are the basis in the federal nothing's ever been denied on logic or reason or evidence. Every single one has been denied by them trying to sherk the laws.
00:50:00
Kathryn Dressler: So in the fourth DCA, I tried to have the child pickup order vacated on the voidness doctrine because again void order no hearing, no not like what they dismissed it without written explanation as untimely despite it again saying you can't whatever.  So then I took that to the Florida Supreme Court and I filed a combined writ. They miscatategorized it deliberately as habius only and then they dismissed it based on the fourth DCA's nonexlanation. And I'm like what in the*? because again they know what's happened. The evidence is there.
Kathryn Dressler: It's not really that I've done it wrong. It's that for anybody to admit to any component proves the complicity and…
Kathryn Dressler: the severity of crimes that has happened between all these people and players. How do you when you file in the federal courts,…
Ricky Stebbins: The only way I got the upper hand on these people was emailing them and…
Ricky Stebbins: then asking better questions with AI. And then all of a sudden they got scared who are you working with? they don't want to talk to you. I don't know.
Kathryn Dressler: do you have to print and mail them? Cuz that's where I'm also getting bankrupted.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm not even worried about that because once we get your story written down and we get together with 10 other people and then we find somebody that's already done that, they can explain it to you.
Kathryn Dressler: You said did you open a Rico yet or…
Kathryn Dressler: you've built it.
Ricky Stebbins: No, I've built it and…
Ricky Stebbins: I don't…
Kathryn Dressler: …
Ricky Stebbins: if I try to do it on my own and I don't have all of you people ready with your paperwork, it's going to be so much harder and I'm not going to attack the entire system at once. I'm only going to attack my one RICO case.
Kathryn Dressler: that's been the biggest But as someone…
Ricky Stebbins: This is Massachusetts. You got Florida and Georgia. So this is three states we got involved now because of your help and then
Kathryn Dressler: who is disabled, here's where these other violations come in and I keep filing them is they refuse to grant me any accommodation for filing other than handd delivering it or certified mailing it despite again being disabled, having no income, being declared indigent, being actively traumatized.
Kathryn Dressler: So I framed my most recent ones around deliberate and ongoing access to court barriers, but the cost when you're again disable you can't even access these courts. It's a well,…
Ricky Stebbins: cuz you're fighting alone.
Ricky Stebbins: This is your problem. You're fighting alone and no more
Kathryn Dressler: they won't even give you access because you're not an attorney.  So, in my Florida district case, I had and I filed emails and proof from the CMF online desk saying online access is up to the judge's discretion. So, I filed multiple ADA title 2 accommodation requests saying, "Hey, I need either access to the online filing system or the ability to submit via email." Never ruled on, never answered.  And in the summary dismissal, he said in a footnote, I contacted this ECF help desk and they said prosay filers can't have access. So in this conclusion filing where I point out everything that's illegal and wrong, I'm like in this footnote, this judge says it's at the help desk's discretion, but literally by law and by definition, here you go.
Kathryn Dressler: it's at the judge's discretion. So again, it's like deliberately impeding access to courts. ADA title 2 violations up the ass. and that is something I feel really strongly about.
Kathryn Dressler: And you haven't, I guess, gotten there yet, but when you have to physically prepare and print and package and deliver or certify mail all it's cost me thousands of dollars and…
Ricky Stebbins: I spent $50 doing that and…
Ricky Stebbins: then I'm like, why am I wasting my money doing that? Because this is not going to work. But I did it once just to prove it wouldn't work at all. And you've already spent the money. So now we got my proof, and I got five other people doing the same thing.
00:55:00
Kathryn Dressler: I've spent thousands because again, even though I couldn't catch up to all the explanations, I wanted all the proof and evidence documented. So, I can send you or…
Kathryn Dressler: however it works best. I don't know if I mean the docket screenshots are pretty explosive. I can …
Ricky Stebbins: If you have your dockets on paperwork and…
Ricky Stebbins: you scan them all at once, if you have this court date happened today, we'll like 2026 29. So be because I always do it the year first. just have your year because if you forget what happened during a year, then you remember maybe what month, then what day. But you seem to have a great memory. So, the stressful stuff sticks with you.
Kathryn Dressler: it's I don't know how well you can see it, but this is just my Broward County docket. So I mean I'm filing rapid fire cuz this one I can access online. So when I say there's thousands and thousand this is just the county one then in the federal one there's even more.
Kathryn Dressler: But if you don't have online access, guess what? You have to pay to download your own** files per page. So yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: per page.
Ricky Stebbins: My gosh.
Kathryn Dressler: Pacer is a system that they use, but they'll only give you access if you're an attorney. So when you're prosay and you're disabled and indigent and there are emergencies like child kidnapping and you can't physically get to a court and you can't keep paying to mail all this stuff, you just suffer and die and that's what they get away with.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's okay.
Ricky Stebbins: You know what? We're going to work with what you got. If they want to withhold that for now, we'll get a hold of it because it's yours and you want it, but we don't need it.
Kathryn Dressler: And…
Kathryn Dressler: I wanted to mention because if you move forward with a federal case or anybody does like it is deliberate obstruction of access to the courts to prevent evidence and filings and it's especially again against everything ADA title 2 stands for. so in terms of documents, save I have all this in PDF or Word. there's so many. I'm thinking I can send you my most recent filing in the Broward docket and the docket itself cuz I mean any filing I've got.
Kathryn Dressler: And then I can also send you the petitions that I filed in Florida and Georgia and…
Kathryn Dressler: the dockets for those just so you can kind of see how they have been handling them, which is very different and contradictory. …
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sure it's all like mind-numbing.
Ricky Stebbins: I hate it when I find a mistake. I'm like, why is this? I'm going to Investig if I think you mis misspoke, I'm going to try to correct you. And that's why I catch people " he knows
Kathryn Dressler: and I'm that a**, too. And so, in the current one, they've not ruled an IFP, which, by the way, they tell you they won't and can't rule on anything until you pay the money or you submit an IFP. Mine was docketed the 10th. Haven't ruled on emergency exparte TTRO. Haven't ruled on any emotion.
Kathryn Dressler: They issued a rule 26F order which directs service to all I don't know if you can see how many people I've got there.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. …
Ricky Stebbins: And we're going to get their names all down cuz other people that might have had to deal with these people,…
Ricky Stebbins: but we don't know yet. I'm sure there's thousands.
Kathryn Dressler: It's the state of Georgia.
Kathryn Dressler: It's the state of Florida.
Kathryn Dressler: It's Florida DCF. It's Georgia DCFS. It's private indiv.
Ricky Stebbins: They're all connected.
Ricky Stebbins: All of them. Y
Kathryn Dressler: Acting under color of law so that's where I say like I am that a** that I have put it all in. It's just with the federal stuff, most I have paid to download, but if you don't have Pacer access, yes, you can use Pacer monitor to see your docket, but to actually download anything, you have to pay 15 cents a page. I'm filing like 400 page things,…
Kathryn Dressler: not all The petitions themselves they've grown maybe 30 pages. The rest is all evidence like emails,…
Ricky Stebbins: And that could be your problem,…
Kathryn Dressler: report but yeah to download it and even have access to your own docket.
01:00:00
Ricky Stebbins: if you give them too much stuff, they'll just ignore it. But right now,…
Ricky Stebbins: that's not a problem because we're going to get your stuff so organized. So, we're going to have it broken down into summaries.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah, that's…
Kathryn Dressler: and where this comes back to is because Florida has continued going, I've been dumping that evidence into my current federal case.  And so after this rule 26 order by the magistrate, I opened not only judicial misconduct complaints, but a rid of Madamus in the 11th circuit to force a ruling. And so the judge just finally entered what's called a borum nonconvenience order, which is basically saying it's clear that this is all Florida's fault.
Kathryn Dressler: So, you have to respond within was it 14 days to justify why this should stay in Georgia and why I shouldn't just send you back to the Florida District Court that you've already filed in despite your petition explicitly saying you filed in this one cuz I can't physically access that court. so it's a whole lot of f******.
Kathryn Dressler: I understand it a lot better, I think, than a lot of I get the concepts. It's just when there's so much.
Ricky Stebbins: so much.
Kathryn Dressler: But I will tell you, not a single thing has literally ever been dismissed or dropped with a written ruling on anything. They can't. So, they just make s*** up and keep posting it into orders. And I keep filing corrections saying, "Nope, not true. Here you go.
Ricky Stebbins: The problem is you think like I do. You're playing by the rules and…
Ricky Stebbins: you keep playing by the rules that they set up and told you to play by and they don't play by the rules. They keep lying and breaking them and you keep playing by the rules again.
Kathryn Dressler: But that's…
Kathryn Dressler: why mine have become such large documents though is because every time one of them does something that contradicts what's already there,…
Kathryn Dressler: I refile with a response and I include all that proof to show all of you judges are straight up lying.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: Here's the proof right there.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. …
Kathryn Dressler: Because what I found, if you don't include enough, then they dismiss it because they claim there wasn't enough proof. Or they dismiss my judicial misconduct complaints because I didn't prove their malicious intent. I'm like, that's not Well,…
Ricky Stebbins: even if it was perfect, they're still going to ignore it. Your problem was you should have exposed it first. I got to go online and get copies. no, you should have put it online before you filed it, so then everybody can see what you filed.
Kathryn Dressler: and now I do want to send those two…
Ricky Stebbins: No. no.
Kathryn Dressler: because they tell you, it's confidential, but on their dismissal, they've copied all of them. So, the first one in Florida and the judge and the magistrate on my current Georgia case. And I'm like, so now they know that I've filed misconduct complaints.  They know how to filed a rid of Madamus. And that's confidential again, if you were going to dismiss it, why would you tell the judge, f*** It's not confidential anymore. and I did send the framework that I had put together, which is literally exactly what's supposed to constitute misconduct.
Kathryn Dressler: And then again, because I've got a lot of stuff. but I do want those to be visible because again, who are you hiding it from if you're going to send it to the judges on my case while it visibility. And so, I think I'm a little further in the process than some people cuz I learned you could challenge that with a rule 18 petition. So, I've got that back in which says, "Chief judge, you wrongfully dismissed my judicial complaints by alleging this, which again is not true. Here you go." And then that forces the council to look over it to see…
Kathryn Dressler: if a judge wrongfully dismissed something by miscatategorizing it.
Ricky Stebbins: You are exactly…
Ricky Stebbins: why I have not bothered learning the law.
Ricky Stebbins: And I thought about this talking with AI. Mike, she's bothered learning all this stuff and it still didn't help her because she didn't document, And nobody helped her document all this.
Kathryn Dressler: That's it.
Kathryn Dressler: It is documented, but they're just lying. That's why it would take a while,…
Ricky Stebbins: No, nobody helped you make it machine readable. Because if I asked you right now, all right, I need this. how long would it take you to get it? do you know exactly where everything is? some people don't. All right.
01:05:00
Kathryn Dressler: but yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: And if I wanted 10 pieces of evidence, we want to know where they are. We'll be able to pull it out in 10 seconds. And that's what we're going to use AI for, too.
Kathryn Dressler: that I'm like chat GPT. I've been so busy trying to like Again,…
Kathryn Dressler: I'm always looking ahead. I assume these courts are all going to do this, but you have to and…
Ricky Stebbins: Yep. That's…
Ricky Stebbins: where we're going to change tactics.
Kathryn Dressler: you like for federal cases, so as I'm sure you do, you have to prove exhaustion of all lower state remedies.
Ricky Stebbins: …
Kathryn Dressler: …
Ricky Stebbins: All the federal courts are in on this. A CIA,…
Kathryn Dressler: I've reported it.
Ricky Stebbins: We're dragging them all into this. We're gonna drag everyone into this.
Kathryn Dressler: I reported it to all of them and I have proof of that, too. And all the states No,…
Ricky Stebbins: It's not going to just be the child case. How'd this child case happen? Because you all let it happen.
Kathryn Dressler: mine was literally like this has been interstate child kidnapping, collision, conspiracy, deprivation of rights under color of law, violations against ADA, WAWA, CAPTA, FURPA, international kidnapping, every** law that exists to avoid that. you've all broken it.  And again, the reason my filings are so heavy is because I have saved all of those proof of reporting. Here's where you all did or didn't do anything. And I continue to notify you and tell you anything you do or don't do is going to go into evidence and again prove deprivation of civil rights under color of law and all these other claims. Cuz mine's a bigum. It's not.
Kathryn Dressler: It has nothing to do with custody. I'm the only one who holds custody. It's never been about This is about the whole goddamn system and now it's across two states and politicians and all these other divisions. And so again, thank you for carrying me through because if nothing else, I've prayed that someone can or…
Kathryn Dressler: will find or look at what I've already done, not just to see what I've done that has hasn't worked. the evidence proves it. But what I'm also proving is how the system is deliberately misclassifying to dismiss,…
Ricky Stebbins: death. and…
Kathryn Dressler: but also outlining a framework of what do you do when that happens? Who can you go to what boxes do you have to check before go R Before you go, Congress, before you can go Supreme Court and it all has to be something I mentioned to Ellis that I haven't had time…
Ricky Stebbins: you don't know because your paperwork's not in order. And this is what I want to teach people. I don't want you to listen to me. I don't want you to follow me. I want you to learn what I learned so if I disappear, you could teach it to other people. Simple as that.
Kathryn Dressler: but I think would be really helpful for people and that took me a lot of time to research is what are those levels of courts like…
Kathryn Dressler: because they don't put anywhere in there that if you want to challenge a county court order that you only have x days to go to an apple store.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think it matters.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think any of this matters. I think what the problem is? You have paperwork. So Who cares? You have paperwork. A lot of people have paperwork. But then maybe you have your story written down. but you have it summarized so people can find your files. No, not yet. But I have my story written down,…
Kathryn Dressler: What? Hey Right.
Ricky Stebbins: labeled, ready to go to court today. And I want yours ready to go to court today. and other people's just because I know it doesn't help you. Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: And I don't even know how these people in Broward have found me, but I've got a group chat with at least three other women again who found me searching the docket based on the judge who had done the same stuff because I'm naming everybody repeatedly and I'm prosay so my numbers on there. And then she's created a group of several other people Again, same attorneys, same judge, same kind of stuff. but the federal cases, that's where I think the big issue like you can't just go search these federal dockets the same way…
Kathryn Dressler: unless you're an attorney or you have access. And even if you do, then you have to pay to download whatever file and you don't even know what it is. So yeah, I don't have an attorney. also I will never have an attorney ever again…
Ricky Stebbins: and you don't need one.
Ricky Stebbins: You need your story. You have everything ready. So if you did get an attorney, they're going to be*. We need attorneys.
Kathryn Dressler: because they're all dirty and they're all part of it. no,…
Ricky Stebbins: We need the law, but we need young attorneys. You're talking about, we're going to go to a law firm. No, we're going to go to the college and get a graduate. We have a couple months to wait for kids coming out of college, and I'm going to start snagging kids. we already got the case.
01:10:00
Kathryn Dressler: I do think younger generations and younger people will and…
Ricky Stebbins: No, we have to teach them. This is their future.
Ricky Stebbins: They're going to be the ones taking care of us when we go into the nursing home that I don't want to go into.
Kathryn Dressler: 
Kathryn Dressler: that's, again, a personal Bite and pettiness aside, I'm also doing this because I did have a kid and I'm like, "Oh my god." look at what the system is. She's spoken out. She's reported the various forms of abuse for six months over because I taught her that and…
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to teach you…
Kathryn Dressler: I reported it.
Ricky Stebbins: how to document it better.
Kathryn Dressler: But no, it's all there. They dismiss it. They've known that it's going.
Ricky Stebbins: No, in the future we got to teach all kids how to document this because they don't know that. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: 
Kathryn Dressler: But she That's the thing. I look at what they've taught her. They kidnapped her. She has reported abuse so much and then punished for it. That's why I can't even talk to her anymore because she gets punished. I've had to stop talking to my daughter because anything she tells me, she gets punished.
Kathryn Dressler: And what does that teach a little girl who's watched this and…
Ricky Stebbins: And we're going to stop that.
Ricky Stebbins: It teaches everybody to shut their mouths because you're going to be punished for telling the truth. And we're going to stop that. The whole system's disgusting.
Kathryn Dressler: nothing that you do matters cuz she'd been there with me through it all. She has seen it and that's what I promised her the day she was taken. I was like look at me like I'm never going to stop. what's happened is wrong. You've lived it.
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't understand…
Kathryn Dressler: And even…
Ricky Stebbins: why other parents aren't enraged. they took your kids. They could take mine. what the f***? My kids hate me.
Kathryn Dressler: because I've not lost but separated from so many family, friends, whoever because how the f*** my child? How could you know me? And just be like whatever. It doesn't personally affect what but the reality is so dark that most people just can't…
Kathryn Dressler: 
Ricky Stebbins: They just try to tune it out and…
Ricky Stebbins: they find their little bit of happiness.
Kathryn Dressler: until it all comes crumbling down and I know you've got another call but something I did want to ask should we start tying in all this Epstein stuff because I know for a fact the Santz who's already in my stuff and…
Kathryn Dressler: Broward County former state attorneys is FBI like all these people.
Ricky Stebbins: Everybody jumps ahead.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm amaz I'm just really thankful people like you still exist…
Ricky Stebbins: We got to get your story first. Once we get all your story, because your story is important. It's yours. And then we help somebody else. I help one person at a time. I'm helping another lady, Amanda, and I only talk to her.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't answer phone calls or texts when people are calling cuz they trained me to be like that ever…
Kathryn Dressler: because it's so rare. It really is.
Ricky Stebbins: since I was a kid. They put they mind** me and I'm like, "Dude, you gave me the inspiration to do this. You taught me the system if they would have helped me this much. If they would have gave me that much,…
Ricky Stebbins: I wouldn't be here right now because I'd be distracted." But they f***** me and f***** me and f***** me and my dude I never got ahead because I was trying to help other people and my family hates me because I hate help them and…
Kathryn Dressler: and…
Kathryn Dressler: and then what does that do to us as a society, that's where it's all broken and deliberate. And that's why again my dad was a politician, a marine, and an attorney. and he raised me and my brother after we were taken from mom because boy that's a whole another story. but he made me …
Ricky Stebbins: the systems
Ricky Stebbins: was designed to break our parents apart and to get you to hate your ex instead of trying to help him get help. Now you hate him because he's violent. But why hasn't he gotten help? Because the system wants him violent.
Kathryn Dressler: unfortunately, I know why it happened to him as a kid. And when you go through it, you either repeat the same patterns or you become a highly empathetic individual who is like me and hyper, all of these things.  And that's what sucks, right? I understand His dad did it to his His whole family acted like it was okay. He hated his father. And then he did the same exact thing. And I do have that compassion and understanding, but some people are just evil. He's told me to kill myself. He's told my daughter since two, you're better off if your mom's dead.
Kathryn Dressler: your mom's he's killed animals. when I say this person he's not a normal person…
Kathryn Dressler: who just acts like he's that level past saving, but there are people like that. not everybody can be rehabilitated. That's why even after the six-month diversion program, even after all the other stuff, the judge still denied him because that's just the truth. Some people and…
01:15:00
Ricky Stebbins: And then they force you to deal with these visitation you have to go to do and…
Ricky Stebbins: and that's horrifying. it's psychological warfare. It's all on purpose. It's not an accident.
Kathryn Dressler: I no and that's my whole point. That's why supervised visitation facilities need to come down. Those are never a thing again. It's literally profiteering and racketeering off the pain and suffering and death of children and other people in different capacities. But I can only speak on my end, but again, I only became totally disabled because the abuse got so severe and then the court has perpetuated it for years resulting in my child being kidnapped despite four standing orders and…
Kathryn Dressler: living in another. it again. It's so I have ankylosing spondylitis…
Ricky Stebbins: It's horrifying.
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't know if you know this, but people that go through stress like you develop autoimmune disorders, arthritis. There's all kinds of health issues that women develop by suppressing your emotions or being put in these horrifying situations. I'm very curious…
Kathryn Dressler: which is autoimmune. I've got cervical donia.'ve got Shogun's B. I've got CPT and…
Ricky Stebbins: because I know somebody else that has shoguns. I don't know how to pronounce it, but she developed it after her son was abused for years and she was traumatized and traumatized.
Ricky Stebbins: traumatized. Wow.
Kathryn Dressler: this is so my initial diagnosis were in 2015. Once I got on the right medication, I was fine.  I was very successful in my careers, but when the abuse started escalating to pets and my child he killed his own cat. He abused his cat to death and I had to take my daughter during co to have it when I say this person is sick.  They're really like and all of that harm not to me but to defenseless creatures like
Ricky Stebbins: Did you notice his personality change at all? Did he like act one way and then all a sudden start acting another way?
Ricky Stebbins: Because I've noticed this with a lot of people like our food is being poisoned and I have hyperyroidism and I take a pill for it, but if I stop taking my medication and I stop taking and my levels are off, I feel emotionless and it's like I've tried to kill myself six times.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not the kind of person to lash out at other people, but I've lashed out at myself. And it was medical malpractice. It wasn't me. It was the doctors.
Kathryn Dressler: I was told for two years straight,…
Kathryn Dressler: there's nothing wrong with you. It's all in your head. Your job is too stressful. Quit your job and take more Xanax. And I'm like, so I used to work for Ronto. I don't know if you know them, but they're one of the three largest global staffing companies, I think. Are you in Massachusetts?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I'm on disability.
Kathryn Dressler: So they have a …
Ricky Stebbins: So, I haven't worked in years. So, I like five years.
Kathryn Dressler: one of their headquarters is in Wuburn,…
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Kathryn Dressler: so I was in and out of Massachusetts a lot. The other one was Atlanta, and then I worked at the Fort Lauderdale headquarters, and I was the corporate P director. and again, it's big company. It's pretty successful. But what ended up happening, I was traveling a lot. I caught mono. It went undiagnosed. I went to my doctor. I was like, I don't know what's wrong with me. I operate on exhaustion, but I'm so tired. I can't get out of bed. things are hurting. I don't know. this isn't normal.
Kathryn Dressler: Didn't try literally kept telling me over and over, nothing wrong, nothing wrong. I'm like, you're going to give me a referral? screaming at him like you can see I break out. This has to do with autoimmune and system. It's all compounded.
Ricky Stebbins: My skin gets like that too.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't have some kind of allergic reaction, a histamine reaction to myself. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: Mine it's the stress because they say stress will kill you. And I did just want to say I'm thankful you're here and thankful that you trusted me to share what you did. as someone who's watched my father take his life and…
Kathryn Dressler: someone who's not really wanted to exist the majority of mine. The only reason before in life I didn't was cuz I was worried about the hurt it would cause to my family but also being scared I would f*** it up.
Ricky Stebbins: I feel like God put me through that s*** I tried to kill myself.
Kathryn Dressler: I would …
01:20:00
Ricky Stebbins: He's like, " you did, but yeah, those cuts and stuff were pretty brutal, but it was nothing like it was, you needed to see the suffering to understand how to help other people.
Kathryn Dressler: I shouldn't have even been alive past birth. I should have been dead three times by the age of 10. literally, I caught strep B at birth. I was a box baby. They told my parents I almost drowned when I was three. I was in a coma for days. They told my parents I wasn't going to live. My mom was crazy psycho drug addict that the system broke and…
Ricky Stebbins: Wow.
Kathryn Dressler: literally one of her drug addict friends decapitated and murdered her best friend but came to our house first but couldn't get in cuz I not locked the doors. So, as I've watched my brother die, my father, everyone, I'm like, am I and that's where while I still had my daughter, I was like, okay, it's to focus on the domestic abuse,…
Ricky Stebbins: It's horrifying. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: the narcissistic abuse. I've been a big advocate in that, but since she was taken now, I'm like, "Nope, this is a lot larger." And again, I've known and I've spent my time trying to help, women largely. Again, it's not limited to just women, but it's a whole trafficking market. it's defined. It's not limited to just women, but a lot of it is women.  And that's why my dad told me later in life I think I created a monster." Because I'm like, "Dad, why did you make me fight for everything, my whole clothes, basics?" And he's like, " I saw how often in life that women got walked all over especially in court."
Kathryn Dressler: And so yeah, I made you fight debate for everything going back to 5 years old because I never wanted it to happen to you. And then him watching still…
Kathryn Dressler: what the system did to me and his only grandchild, it broke the man. And so the only reason I can believe I'm still here is to blow the top off of unfortunately he was a great public servant.
Ricky Stebbins: I know…
Ricky Stebbins: what you're talking about. I bet you those talks your dad had when you were younger, your dad felt inspired and he didn't realize how bad the system was. And then as he grew up, he's like, I got to shut my mouth or my kids are going to get in trouble. He had to close his eyes and…
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: turn his back on tons of stuff. I'm positive cuz they would have came after him or your family.
Kathryn Dressler: But I guess that's the only reason I can see that Im still I've watched everyone around me die or my child be I don't even know if she's alive. I have no idea cuz you want and…
Ricky Stebbins: You have everything to fight for. You're at the bottom. You have nowhere to go but up.
Ricky Stebbins: and we're gonna explode.
Kathryn Dressler: that's the thing when you've got nothing to lose that's some people should probably start being scared of you and that's No,…
Ricky Stebbins: And I want you to focus it into positivity and love for your daughter. We're not getting any negative anything. Yes, we're going to f*** the system, but a lot of people get mad. I talked to a father last night that wants to choke people and fight them, but I'm like, "Dude, you got to turn that into writing because he just told me a story that I didn't record." I'm like, "Oh my gosh, I wish I recorded this awesome story.
Kathryn Dressler: I will say though,…
Kathryn Dressler: And I'm talking to my therapist. I've had to stay mad. Like I operate…
Ricky Stebbins: You have to.
Kathryn Dressler: because of lifelong trauma in a constant state of dissociation because I've not been able to process any of these deaths or losses or things because it is so shattering that I don't have the luxury of grief and…
Ricky Stebbins: How could you?
Kathryn Dressler: if I let the sad or the depression kick in it's going to take me out.  So, personally I do have to stay mad, but I try to channel it into evidentiary filings. Again, not just for myself, but hoping other people can see it. And more than anything, again, praying that if something happens to me, maybe my daughter will find it.
Ricky Stebbins: That's what I think about too because my ex has her autistic son.
Ricky Stebbins: My kids hate me. But what are you parents going to do? And why aren't we thinking about this? If you die, what's going to happen to your kids if they're already in a horrible situation? Why aren't we sticking up for each other and watching out for each other's kids? That's what godp parents used to be. Where's the godp parentents?
Kathryn Dressler: I'm going to be straight up.
Kathryn Dressler: The only reason I haven't committed criminal acts is because she has nobody else. And if I go to jail, she goes into the system. And I know what happens to system kids. I know them personally. I know horror stories and…
01:25:00
Kathryn Dressler: 
Ricky Stebbins: I went to court last year and…
Ricky Stebbins: tried to file a harassment order against a insurance company to get this story going and then I got tossed at a mental health hospital for 12 days. But I played the game right and…
Kathryn Dressler: I had an ex try to institutionalize me and…
Ricky Stebbins: they kicked me out.
Kathryn Dressler: literally I went in the holding thing and I told them what was going on and I was like you should write Well,…
Ricky Stebbins: No, they drugged me, and then ignored me and shipped me an hour and a half away from home. And I still got …
Kathryn Dressler: I mean, my mom's in Baker acted, but they can transport you.
Ricky Stebbins: And they do. And they cut off your communication. I called the police cuz you're allowed to use the phone calls in the hallway and they wouldn't let the police in to take pictures of my injuries.
Kathryn Dressler: So, my mom's been a…
Ricky Stebbins: It's like and…
Kathryn Dressler: since the divorce, she's been a very severe addict. she started smoking crack cuz my dad's attorney friend smoked crack and so I can't even tell you how many times she'd been in and out of rehab or Baker acted. but again she always laughed the worst they can do is hold me for 72 hours and I had again that I didn't know they could do that.
Ricky Stebbins: they kept me longer.
Kathryn Dressler: I didn't know. I mean,…
Ricky Stebbins: It's not illegal…
Kathryn Dressler: maybe they can't. Is that illeg illegal?
Ricky Stebbins: because they don't have to say why they took me. he just appeared mentally unstable and that's it. But I called a lawyer and then I started calling my cell phone when there was problems and just recording the audio of people getting assaulted in the hallway and they're like, "Oh s***, I have human rights violations I documented." I'm like, "While I'm here, I'm going to get your story." Like what you just did today for an hour and…
Ricky Stebbins: a half. I did that for hours every day to people that have been s* on, ignored by society. And I'm like, dude, this is what we need to do to save people, to share stories. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: I was in the holding tank whatever under observation and…
Kathryn Dressler: it was so again made me take off all of my clo I'm not racist I don't know how a giant black man who literally kept trying to break out of the same tudor the whole time.
Kathryn Dressler: Started eyeing down me and this other female to where the security had to get in between us another person talk. it was really …
Ricky Stebbins: Women were sexually harassed in the hospital I was in and…
Ricky Stebbins: they were terrified. They're like, " these guys are peeking on me at night in the shower and stuff." And it's horrifying.
Kathryn Dressler: the medical system a whole has got all the s* on the hospitals, too. So my daughter,…
Ricky Stebbins: It's all together. I've experienced everything. So I can piece all this stuff together. Whatever happened to you, I can connect it to other parts of the system and other people. And we're all going to stand in this together.
Kathryn Dressler: she almost died. She went into sudden onset SVT which is super fast heart rate. When we were forced to move into my dad's I knew there was black mold because termite whole f** thing. My dad had Parkinson's. I have autoimmune. My daughter's predispositioned.  And one day I got a call from her preschool saying she's, woke up acting really out of character and behavior. She's saying her heart hurts. she wants her mom. She misses you. and they thought it was trauma because there was another time she was forced to start talking to her dad again. And so I went to pick her up and she looked really tire sick, but she didn't want to get in her car seat.
Kathryn Dressler: And so I just held her and she was crying. All of a sudden she popped up and starts hyperventilating and throwing up. And I'm like,…
Ricky Stebbins: Wow. He
Kathryn Dressler: my god." "Do I need to take you to the hospital?" And she's like, "Yeah." They immediately call my ambulance cuz her heart rate is 245. And they're like, "We're going to have to transport you to the hospital." Lots of traffic. Took forever. There's six paramedics in this truck and they're all timing stuff. And I'm a first- time parent. I don't know what this means. I'm just hearing numbers.  And I signed the form for if they need to do emergency life preserving measures. So, as we pull into the hospital parking lot, they had timed it and they're like, "Okay, we're going to have to do whatever." She goes from being alert and awake and upright to her eyes closed, her body goes limp, and I'm like, " what the f*** is happening?" and she stays like that.
Kathryn Dressler: And then she finally pops back up. I was throwing up, and then they caught her into the hospital. Long story short, we were forcefully dismissed three separate times. I took her to the leading specialist Children's Hospital, Joe Deaggio, in South Florida. And I tell them all I want you to test for black mold. I want you to test for black mold toxicity. I'm told there's no such thing.
01:30:00
Kathryn Dressler: I'm like, that's a lie. There's four different ways. I have autoimmune disease, so I know your IFP markers, that's one indicator, but there's also specific tests.
Ricky Stebbins: wow.
Kathryn Dressler: Wouldn't do Kept forcing so she went unconscious again. Took her to this next hospital. They called DCF to report me for medical like Munchhousen by proxy. Yeah, it's a whole f***. It's all documented.  I have it all cuz I took her to Brier General. I had to literally fight them to admit her and then they weren't doing anything. And I'm like, she's still complaining that her head hurt. She nearly died. But because they did it in the ambulance outside, they admitted her for observation only and then forcefully discharged us repeatedly and kept saying, " it was due to a viral infection." I'm like, " What did you test for?
Kathryn Dressler: No one would Finally tracked down the pediatric doctor on that floor. And she's like, I'm like, Did you test for you're all saying it's viral.
Ricky Stebbins: That's horrifying.
Kathryn Dressler: What have you looked for? you can see your blood markers here. They're all green. If something were red, it would indicate she has an infection. But since I didn't order any of those. And I'm like,  So the hospital stands after discharging me or attempting to three times after my kid that administered Denisonin which stops her heart and then jolts it back on twice to get her heart back into rhythm. So when I watched her go unconscious, I watched her life stop and then the hospital again forcely discharged us the same night. As soon as we got home, she couldn't breath Had to go back.
Kathryn Dressler: Then the second hospital who I called in advance because hospital number one fought to get her to stay was told they'd let her see a specialist. Then they refused shift change all the stuff. I'm like this is b*. Give me the papers. I'm taking her to this other hospital. Tried to fight me and make me sign forms saying I'm taking her against their orders. I'm like you're full of s***. You literally just tried to discharge me. You just told me she was going to get specialist testing. I'm not signing Give me my papers. Refused to give them. So I called theos other hospital in advance. I'm like listen here's what happened. She went unconscious on the way there and I had and called until I'm like I need the documents. I don't have them. I'll sign a waiver release whatever gets a second one. And this has actually been through the ER three times. And I'm like listen I know the tests you're going to have to run.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm telling you right now, nothing is going to show up. And that's why she needs to see a specialist because whatever is happening like kids don't just magically almost die. I suspect it is black mold toxicity. I've repeatedly requested black mold tests. Nobody would do it. They call DCF on me and literally within 3 hours of admitting me her DCF investigator shows up. that's a whole another series of corruption. I didn't even know this was happening. And when I had to go to the bathroom or go to move my car, they were secretly assessing her for safety.
Kathryn Dressler: They admitted her for observation, not for her health, but because I was reported for being munchhousen by proxy and…
Ricky Stebbins: Is that crazy?
Kathryn Dressler: making all this s* up. And it was weekend, so they couldn't get the records. So they put this pediatric doctor in charge of the case.  He got the records and then this 45page hospital/DCF investigative report I got after it tells me who said what and DCF still came to my house by it's and called APS adult protective services cuz I was literally crying in the room and the social worker's like are you sure you can care for your daughter?
Ricky Stebbins: That's crazy.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm like, would I** be here if I like why do you think I'm here, lady? I just lost my brother. My father has Parkinson's and is tripping and falling. My little dog has epilepsy and needs medication twice a day. I have my own health issues, but there's something very wrong with my child and nobody is telling me what the f*** has happened and claiming it's viral, yet the blood markers don't add up. again reported me only admitted her. Long story short, after I talked to people who actually worked in healthcare down there, the health care systems in South Florida, call me a conspiracy theorist, but this came straight from people who work there.
01:35:00
Kathryn Dressler: They've hired scrubbers to literally go through files and to scrub and remove any indication of black mold toxicity or exposure because it is so deadly and it is so dangerous and…
Kathryn Dressler: it is so prevalent and unavoidable in South Florida because of conducive conditions when you've got rain, ve when you've got termites, which Florida is the leading number. Don't even get me f****** started on terite.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Wait.
Kathryn Dressler: But Georgia has the same similar conducive conditions. But that's why this house that I bought is new construction and is built from a metal framework with a metal roof specifically so termites could never eat through it. Water couldn't get in the walls. No black mold. But my child literally almost lost her life. It's documented. And I was reported to DCF for medical neglect.
Ricky Stebbins: It's all part of the game and it's all part of money,…
Ricky Stebbins: I'm so sorry for all of this. And I don't want to cut you short, but I've got to get ready for another reading.
Kathryn Dressler: No, thank you for hearing me out.
Kathryn Dressler: I just depending how large you want to take it. I got stuff on the hospitals too, but I'm full transparency.
Ricky Stebbins: You're going to want that, too.
Ricky Stebbins: I tell people I don't know" if you brought it up and you think it's kind of like, "Why don't we document it?" Because you have the paperwork, you have the story, and I'm going to teach you…
Kathryn Dressler: I don't mind sending you the whole thing and you can see what they claim which is b***.
Ricky Stebbins: how to put it on Google Drive because you might have so much stuff it's probably just overwhelming.
Kathryn Dressler: My Google Drive is crazy. But for sending stuff,…
Kathryn Dressler: should I send it to that same email or a separate email? okay, that was the one Alice gave a week or…
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, that same email.
Ricky Stebbins: Ricky Stebins78.
Kathryn Dressler: so ago.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to send you Don't have to worry about this.
Kathryn Dressler: 
Kathryn Dressler: Yours.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to send you this transcript,…
Ricky Stebbins: too, so you could feed it to an AI and see what it says about your story. I talked to this guy. No, you're not crazy. I wish you were crazy because it would be way easier if you were crazy.
Kathryn Dressler: She's crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: But the problem is you're telling the truth.
Kathryn Dressler: Right. Thank you.
Ricky Stebbins: And what the hell do you do with that when it's even worse than you imagine? We're going to fight it.
Kathryn Dressler: I cannot thank you enough.
Ricky Stebbins: And thank you for sharing this,…
Kathryn Dressler: I'm here for you.
Ricky Stebbins: Katherine. I really appreciate this. you have no idea how much I appreciate this.
Kathryn Dressler: I know we just met, but even outside of this,…
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm here for you.
Kathryn Dressler: you've got my email, you've got my number. Just know there's always someone on your team, and however, in whatever ways,…
Kathryn Dressler: I'm here for you, and thank you.
Ricky Stebbins: And I set up appointments so that people have specific times.
Ricky Stebbins: So if you call me and you need something like, " s***, I really need to get a hold of them." "I'll call you later." "No, set up an appointment and I'll be here for you." you don't have to try to hunt me down.
Kathryn Dressler: And again, just you as a person, I've seen it. I've been through dam if you ever need anybody, call me, text me. I've seen it.
Ricky Stebbins: Thank you very much. And I feel the same. You need anything, call me.
Kathryn Dressler: I've literally seen it.
Kathryn Dressler: I've thought it. just know you're never alone.
Ricky Stebbins: Hello. Thank you very much and…
Kathryn Dressler: And there are people who care. And thank you.
Ricky Stebbins: have a great day and hopefully make some appointments and…
Ricky Stebbins: I'm gonna have to schedule some classes to start teaching people because I want to teach people as groups so we can all work together and we could just have a book club will come on and anybody want to talk for a minute? Does anybody need help?
Kathryn Dressler: And that's…
Kathryn Dressler: what I was telling Ellis, I do have a pretty solid grip and some experience I think probably beyond where a lot of cases have been. So, if there's anything that I can do or…
Ricky Stebbins: Listen, if you can improve anything that we're doing while we're working along,…
Kathryn Dressler: help or speak to with either of you and what you're doing, I don't want to overstep, but I do think I can help a lot.
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to use The best ideas my ideas,…
Kathryn Dressler: Great. …
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care. I'm just telling you my idea that worked. If you all of a sudden say, "Hey, if we adapt this and change it to this and it's going to be better, we're going to do it your way.
Kathryn Dressler: outside of ideas, just like the system as it's structured again, just so people know in whatever way you see are fine.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm here. Just let me know and then I'll send you my stuff, too. Thank you.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Ricky Stebbins: Have a great day. Bye.
Kathryn Dressler: You too. Thank you so much.
Meeting ended after 01:39:23 👋
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
