Apr 18, 2026
Emma and Somto - Transcript
00:00:03

Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
Somto Chigbogu: How are you, Ricky?
Ricky Stebbins: Hello. Can you hear me?
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I can hear you. How are you doing?
Ricky Stebbins: Pretty good yourself, Santo.
Somto Chigbogu: How was your day today?
Ricky Stebbins: It was very good. It was productive.
Somto Chigbogu: That's nice. That's great.
Ricky Stebbins: How was your day?
Somto Chigbogu: My day was fantastic. It went very
Ricky Stebbins: That's great to hear.
Somto Chigbogu: well.
Ricky Stebbins: So, did you get a chance to look at any of the project stuff and talk with AI about it?
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I did. But the link uh you sent to me. Sorry, I have some cough code here. the link u the link you sent to me I was trying to access it but it was I couldn't access it maybe after the meeting you send it to Gmail so I can copy it and paste on Google because it wasn't going through I was trying to assess
Ricky Stebbins: Okay, that's strange.
Somto Chigbogu: it
Ricky Stebbins: We can figure it out.


00:01:16

Ricky Stebbins: And then I don't know why Emma's not on.
Somto Chigbogu: yeah send him the link I don't I don't think he has the link Does he have the
Ricky Stebbins: He should have it. It sent it.
Somto Chigbogu: link?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. Sometimes this acts strange.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: This is not perfect. This does it doesn't always work perfect.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: So, it's a work in progress.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. Send him the link.
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Somto Chigbogu: I think he's not online, but he have his Gmail account.
Ricky Stebbins: I Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: You can send him the link through his Gmail.
Ricky Stebbins: I um I have to switch all these stupid will give me the
Somto Chigbogu: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: link.
Somto Chigbogu: just send him so that he can join
Ricky Stebbins: This is such a pain.
Somto Chigbogu: us.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't make this easy. This should be This used to be a lot easier. Now it's a struggle. This was easier 30 years ago.


00:02:23

Ricky Stebbins: Like people don't understand how much of a problem all of this technology is becoming. Like 20 years ago when I was using MySpace, it was way easier to talk to people and to communicate around the
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, my space. Ah,
Ricky Stebbins: world.
Somto Chigbogu: my space was there. Honestly, I still remember my space. Like, it's crazy. But if you don't if you don't evolve, you'll be left behind. That is what I That's just human
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Somto Chigbogu: nature.
Ricky Stebbins: but they're trying to make things evolve to the point where we're just confused and things don't make any
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, true. That's true.
Ricky Stebbins: sense.
Somto Chigbogu: That's true. Because just imagine just imagine a technology coming after AI. How how ruthless it should be.
Ricky Stebbins: Like if we don't teach I teach AI everything we have to teach it empathy because that's the only thing AI can't learn on its own is empathy.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: AI can learn science.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.


00:03:25

Ricky Stebbins: AI can learn law.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: AI can learn the structure of anything. But if you don't tell it how you feel and why you care, you're screwed.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah. I think Emma has joined us.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Can you hear us, Emma?
Emma Obadoni: Yes, I can hear you. How is everything,
Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
Emma Obadoni: sir?
Ricky Stebbins: How are you today?
Emma Obadoni: I'm doing fine. I'm just trying to set up. Let Let me set up my video, my camera.
Ricky Stebbins: No worries.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, that's true.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Somto Chigbogu: I think that's the reason why you are I think that's the reason why you're connected to Yeah. why you have some link with IMA because I imma is AI is actually all about emotion teaching AI emotion. So that's the truth.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Somto Chigbogu: That's the only thing AI can do. That emotion aspects
Ricky Stebbins: because AI can tell you all about the law once you tell it what your problem
Somto Chigbogu: actually


00:04:27

Ricky Stebbins: is. But if you don't know how to explain your problem in the first place, you're screwed.
Somto Chigbogu: true. That's
Ricky Stebbins: And people don't know how to talk.
Somto Chigbogu: true.
Ricky Stebbins: And I talk to a lot of disabled people and a lot of elderly people. The system doesn't support these people at all.
Somto Chigbogu: That's true. That's
Ricky Stebbins: And I want to look out for everybody. Like this isn't easy.
Somto Chigbogu: true.
Ricky Stebbins: And a lot of people are not going to want to do this because it's going to cost people their jobs. A lot of people in power are going to get in trouble as soon as we start doing this. But that's where the fun is. This is like a rebellion. But this is in writing. We don't have to fight anybody.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, true. You know, the tr the thing about writing is that when you write, you you you you help people rebel in their mind and in their head. Okay?


00:05:31

Somto Chigbogu: So, you're not picking up, you know, they used to say uh they used to say they said this thing that the pen is mightier than the
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: sword. Okay? So true. It is not in all circumstances that the pen is mightier than the sword, but in some circumstances those are right control how people think, how people see things, how they their perspective about things. So it will be awesome cuz today, okay, I made a post today, but it was for strictly business people, you know, structuring their business and all of that. So if I can start chipping in some of these the ideas into people's mind, imagine a country like Nigeria is like almost people people equate Nigeria like synonymous to Africa. Like Nigeria has over over 270 million population. So imagine if uh uh we have those bodies in we have bodies on Okay. Emma, Emma, Emma first called me to join you on this and I come in and I tell my friends in South Africa, hey, look, I have a friend Ricky.


00:06:41

Somto Chigbogu: I have a friend Emma. He's they want to make they want to change the world. They want to do these things. This is like a movement. We have a group here in the US. We in Nigeria. We want to keep spreading and we want to keep recruiting more people to join us. Want to be people that want to make a difference. All my life I've always been on the side of the opposite. All my life I've never wanted to do things just like every other person. So when Emma sold me the idea and I said okay come around come and meet Ricky. I said okay fine I'm going to hop on the call with him. So even before you the thing came up came up today you can see I joined immediately because I look up to this I believe this is a chance for us to you know let people have some level of awareness of what is about to hit them. Today I was looking into um I was looking into technology and u and its evolution and the laws regarding it.


00:07:33

Somto Chigbogu: I came to realize that AI is the way AI is structured and the way it's working compliance will be really really hard as regard AI honestly compliance will be so so hard you know so I come to see truly the the mental view of from where you are looking at it from uh Ricky honestly so it's a wonderful idea actually uh it's a wonderful idea I'm I'm in honestly
Ricky Stebbins: And we have to do it. We have two choices. AI is going to make us slaves or we have to teach AI why we're worth partnering up with. And we all have to tell our stories and we have to help our neighbors.
Emma Obadoni: Yeah.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: This is like God's work that we're doing. We have to spread the love and we have to help other people do what we're doing. Because if we're just selfish and do this ourselves, this will never work. That's why like reaching out to people all over the world,
Emma Obadoni: Welcome back.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to teach everybody I can how to do this.


00:08:36

Ricky Stebbins: So if anything ever happened to me, oh well, everybody already knows how to do this. Like every AI I talk to,
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I always come up like I talked to AI today and they could say they can come up with libraries in Nigeria for people to go to to hopefully use computers there if they don't have access at home so they can start writing their stories. If there's community centers for people to go and take their cell phones and talk to the elderly or people that are less fortunate that don't have access to technology so we can document their stories, too. Like whenever people talk about helping people,
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: they always narrow it down. Oh, we're going to help this group. We're going to help that group. I want to help everybody. And the more people we get involved, the better. Like I don't want to leave anybody out just because you can't afford it. And the people with money should hopefully contribute to the people that don't have it


00:09:32

Emma Obadoni: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: once they understand what we're doing. They won't be donating money to big businesses or these mega corporations or the these uh elected officials anymore. People will donate money to people like you and Emma who are actually doing the work. But we have to show people what we can do first.
Somto Chigbogu: That's
Ricky Stebbins: If we don't show people what we can do as a team, then no one will follow us.
Somto Chigbogu: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: No one will believe us. We have to show people how we can build this together. But whenever you build anything, you have to start at the bottom. Like you guys have to start writing the same way I started writing. And you don't need to write the same way,
Somto Chigbogu: Heat.
Ricky Stebbins: but you need to write however you want to write about what you want to write about. And then I need to read it and comment on stuff like I have blogger pages and I made stuff for people and then I made stuff just for AI because I don't want people reading all my garbage.


00:10:38

Ricky Stebbins: Like I wrote a lot of stuff and we need to prove what we're doing to people because Emma's big into technology. He he needs to be the figure of this. We need to share all of our messages that we have with his AI publicly the same way I do with my AI. I I share it with chat GPT Claude Grock. Uh who else do I use? uh Gemini, any AI I use, I share all of my conversations publicly so that other AI can see it because otherwise they never have access to this. It's all private and companies hide it. We want all these mega corporations AI to learn from us, from all the people at the bottom because if they don't, all the the big AI are going to have is the mega corporate corporation's information. It's never going to have our information unless we put it out there publicly. And I'm not sure how things are in Nigeria, but there are big problems in the United States with the way AI used to work last year and the way it works now.


00:11:54

Ricky Stebbins: It's causing people mental health problems where it used to help them and now it won't. And it used to talk to people about the law and now it won't. So, people are up in arms. And this is stuff that you could use as a lawyer to get people to together to file charges against these mega corporations and to take AI for you, for your people, not for us, you know, not for the corporation. You don't want money. You want the AI. You want the data centers so that you can run it yourself. So you never have to pay anyone ever again. My ultimate goal is for you and people like Emma to be at the top. Like, no one's above you. Nobody tells you what to do. You You decide for yourself from now on. And you help your community as a team. Like,
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want anybody ever telling me what to do. I want to talk about things.


00:12:57

Ricky Stebbins: I want to debate things. If you have better ideas, I want to hear them. I'd rather do things your way if they're better, you
Somto Chigbogu: Uh
Ricky Stebbins: know?
Somto Chigbogu: yeah, how you doing?
Ricky Stebbins: Hello. So, I can still hear you. And then Emma can get a transcript of this later, too, since he's having problems.
Somto Chigbogu: Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: But his AI will be able to transcribe this and give him a breakdown so you don't have to watch this and listen to it all to see if there's anything that you find pertinent. which is nice about this with the AI summaries.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, I'm I'm alive. I can I can hear you sound.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I can hear you. M you're highly
Emma Obadoni: Thank
Somto Chigbogu: welcome.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Emma Obadoni: you.
Ricky Stebbins: do you think you guys are going to be able to do this? You're going to be able to start writing about yourselves? Are you Do you want help? Do you need help with ideas on what to start writing about?


00:14:03

Emma Obadoni: Um
Ricky Stebbins: Because I have ideas. I can tell you what to start writing
Somto Chigbogu: I
Emma Obadoni: okay sir says your project maybe just give us a pre of what you
Ricky Stebbins: about.
Emma Obadoni: about um what you're going to write about and the rest and um and also I discussed with sonto yesterday after I finished talking with you so we came up with a plan on on how to reach out to people to reach out to more people in Nigeria because many people will be so happy to share their stories elderly, young, old and young. So like um so like so there was an idea that maybe Nigeria maybe we can be conducting maybe a seminar a seminar reaching out to people oneon one getting to hear their stories uploading it sending you the videos and the rest. So like um it's going to be like a form of a little bit of corporate something like little bit of corporate organization where meu and sonto where me and sonto is going to work together. So our duty because um because Nigeria is the most popular country in Africa with with about 230 millions of people.


00:15:19

Emma Obadoni: So, so, so um I believe people people is going to share so many interesting stories because um in some part of Nigeria you're going to hear stories about killing, kidnapping and the rest and um I believe that is where AI will be able to come there to come able to to console people also and also give people um and also give suggest people um on how to live better, give a good advice and also to navigate the world and um and um also since I'm technical and sonto is since I'm technical is a lawyer so so um actually we are actually on a perfect team right now because um Sunto already know the legal implication of everything so and you and um you being the founder so um so like so so it's going to be like putting an idea maybe you are going to organize something like an NGO in Nigeria where we'll be hosting a seminar and maybe monthly um every three months where we have to reach out to the villages maybe the oral areas getting to talk with elderly people so that they share their stories so so we upload it's going to be like kind of a little bit of a of a broadcast but in that different way where people share their stories so we upload to So um so um that's our strategies that the strategy that we have.


00:16:53

Emma Obadoni: So I said let me inform you whether you like
Ricky Stebbins: This sounds awesome.
Emma Obadoni: it.
Ricky Stebbins: This is going to be the new form of TV. I would rather watch videos about your people and learn how to help you than ever watch a TV show ever again.
Emma Obadoni: So Sam that is good. So we are so we are going to do it. to buy that and we are going to get so it's like we are going to get maybe a camera so that there will be a good camera then because in some part of Nigeria there is a little bit of a poor internet connection so we get a good cameras so we are going to be form of an NGO so that the government will not tax
Ricky Stebbins: Well, we need to find a way that people can pay you. Not just the Bitcoin that makes this hard, but we want to make this legitimate. I don't know if they have nonprofits in your in your country the same way that they do in the United States.


00:17:51

Ricky Stebbins: But I want to look into every way possible to help you. And I know AI will be able to come up with more ideas once we tell them what we're looking to
Emma Obadoni: Um, as in the terms of uh in the terms of payment and or sending money.
Ricky Stebbins: do.
Emma Obadoni: If you cannot if you cannot use PayPal and crypto and the rest, you can actually go to um maybe a bank. Um actually I I have an international banks but you just maybe go to a bank in US and do the deposit deposit and the rest and also I will also talk to so so like we are going to organize an NOS's and the US. So, so um we present the plan to you. So, you're going to see our moves, the steps we are taking and and and everything. But,
Ricky Stebbins: If if you have friends in the United States that you want to invite into to do this,
Emma Obadoni: um
Ricky Stebbins: that's totally
Emma Obadoni: um yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: fine.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. I have friends um I have friends in um not just in Nigeria.


00:18:57

Emma Obadoni: I have friends in maybe um maybe in Ghana in Ghana alone and other part of Nigeria because um actually I have a tech team where I'm the founder. It's called the tech family. So it's cut across almost we have people from South Africa almost like 15 different countries in Africa. So by then I can actually reach out to them. So everybody will share their story. So you will not just be based on Nigeria based on from different ethnicity and culture. Um but but also doing this thing is going to a little bit cost us a little bit because logistic and the rest because just like you say that nobody will change the world without spending but everything you are going to see everything is going to break down on the spending and everything. So, so we say maybe son
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I can hear you. I can hear you.
Emma Obadoni: I maybe can continue from there maybe to give maybe more more explanation on the things I'm saying. Are you okay with


00:19:58

Somto Chigbogu: So, yeah,
Emma Obadoni: it?
Somto Chigbogu: I'm on a call with you guys. So, basically, uh, man, Ricky, are you guys here?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Somto Chigbogu: Can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you to
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: So, basically, uh, I have a friend.
Ricky Stebbins: fine.
Somto Chigbogu: He's a doctor. uh he runs something like this. If if I'm done with your I'm done with this call, you can check him out. He runs longevity. He teaches that oh look the big exactly this vision that uh Ricky has this vision this uh this goal Ricky has to let people know that AI is not what they think it is. There are many things behind the scene that this thing has well stocked up. So this friend of mine he studied medicine but he he didn't he saw dissatisfaction with what uh is happening in the medical profession. So what did he do? He started educating people. He started writing about it. He started educating people. He got an his friends in the in the US, UK and Canada.


00:20:59

Somto Chigbogu: They got an NGO. As I'm talking to you right now, that guy the guy and his team have spread as far as Egypt here in Africa some are in in in US Canada doing their thing over there. Why I'm saying it is because I'm part of their legal team that have to structure the whole work. Now that is aside where I'm pointing to this is because the first these are ideas that ideas that challenge the system the status quo are some of the ideas I buy into and that is what Ricky represents. Ricky represent that people that do things differently. When Steve Jobs was was alive, he says it's only the crazy ones that change the world. Steve Jobs say, "Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Somto Chigbogu: Steve Jobs says it's only the crazy one.
Ricky Stebbins: yes.
Somto Chigbogu: If you're not crazy enough, f*** off. You don't want to change the world." So say it's only the crazy ones that change the world. And when you say people call you you're crazy, you're stable. You're mentally.


00:21:56

Somto Chigbogu: I was like, "Ah, come on. There's no more thing about all this. people would definitely say things. Why? Because they're trying to change the world. So we are changing the world. We're not carrying guns. We're not doing we're not terrorists. We are changing the world with the mind of our pen. We're changing people's mindset and views. So the best position this fall into is is uh an
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Somto Chigbogu: NGO that will be structured in a way that is it is all about education, enlightening people, AI and governance, ethics exposing what this is all about. And before we know we start attracting the right people to the team, people that want to believe in our this thing. It's like Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ first spoke to the 12 apostles. He gathered them, gave them ideology. They went ahead and spread the gospel. So ritually Ricky is the messiah here. Ricky has imprinted his vision on us and we want to help to spread it in. I hope I'm carrying you along in this.


00:22:49

Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: So he has helped to imprint implant um an ideology in us. Okay. So we
Ricky Stebbins: You know, it I went to Catholic school as a kid Like I grew up loving Jesus and thinking
Somto Chigbogu: we
Ricky Stebbins: that we were going to change the world as a team. And this is what it's all about. Like love, spreading love.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's true. If not love, if not love, what are we really living for?
Ricky Stebbins: And I do it by yelling and screaming.
Somto Chigbogu: It is
Ricky Stebbins: Like I yell and scream. Like why are why are these horrible things happening in your country? And I know the United States is sending billions of dollars to your government and allowing this this horror show to keep happening. Like we need to demand answers. And when you talk to your people, tell them demand answers from us. Like United States, you said you're the greatest country in the world.


00:23:54

Ricky Stebbins: Why aren't you protecting us? We need your help now. demand help. Tell them, "No, don't don't claim you're the greatest at anything. If you won't help us, you won't send people over here to protect us. What is going on?" And have the videos. The news knows it. Like, this is the worst part. Every mega corporation owns the news networks in America. So, we need to spread this message ourselves.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, shoot.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why when Emma reached out like I want to talk to everybody and he talked about people thinking Nigerians are scammers and that's what people want people in America to think. They they don't want anyone to trust anyone. Immigrants in America are the greatest the hardest workers you will ever meet. And then our government treats them like cheap labor, like trash.
Somto Chigbogu: That's
Ricky Stebbins: And nobody talks about it and you know it and nobody talks about it and it's
Somto Chigbogu: true.
Ricky Stebbins: horrible. Like the hardest workers in America are paid the last immigrants and they're treated like trash and they're talked about behind their backs.


00:25:09

Ricky Stebbins: They're talked about in the news. They're made fun of like and we allow it to happen and we need to talk about it to stop it. And people hate talking about it. Because people with money don't want to talk about this because it's going to cost them. People shouldn't be poor. None of your communities should ever suffer from anything. We have everything we need to fix everything. AI can teach us everything if we don't if we don't know it. AI teaches me anything I anything I want to know. I mean, I I know a lot. I've gone to school. I've learned about everything. I can talk to people about almost everything.
Emma Obadoni: So,
Ricky Stebbins: I know
Emma Obadoni: um, can you hear me sir? So um sto so can you even give us a breakdown on what we
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: want what we need so that we can actually start working on try trying to see how we can actually reach out to people because um I believe in execution because like the same ideas are very cheap but executing it uh is the thing so like so um I believe um maybe a breakdown so that we can actually plan how we start executing it making come to reality


00:26:26

Somto Chigbogu: Okay. I basically uh it's simple. I've understood the first thing I try to understand first is the ideology. Like I told you, I wouldn't have hopping into here risk risking my my license and my whole uh my whole source of livery. But messages like this get to me because I look at the mindset first. The ideology people people in the people in the system people working towards a goal. What is the ideology? The ideology resonates with me. So, this is what we're going to do right now. It's simple. Have an uh an a non uh a an NG nongovernmental organization, you know, so that will not be uh will not be clipped, you know, will not be clipped easily. race tight race tight as LLC in the sense that those in the US can resonate with it. those in Canada, those in in China, those in South Africa, those in Madiv can resonate and say okay this is LLC I've done registration like that's a couple you know we have official uh details for now just for now for since since three of us since we three we can spread to 12 from 12 probably might be having this meeting with time now we having more than 100 join us in this meeting Why 100 people connected with one ideology all started from one man Ricky and I imma then


00:28:04

Somto Chigbogu: me too he came on board so the first is to prepare the papers um which I will I'll submit in our next meeting show you okay a breakdown of what we need to set up the whole thing so that we let go and well structured put structure in place put the Lego structuring and we get to work okay we get to work meanwhile and we will be writing more I don't know because I already Understood. Maybe we can have a group chat. Maybe what what group what um what uh what's group chat do you suggest we all use or Ricky what group like a group you suggest or we should just be keeping it for now just to go meet so that but we have like a right okay
Ricky Stebbins: We could we can talk on Facebook. Do you guys use
Somto Chigbogu: go yeah we use
Ricky Stebbins: Facebook?
Somto Chigbogu: Facebook use This
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe we should use Google Blogger instead. If we're going to talk on Google Blogger, we should have one page that we have messages.


00:28:53

Somto Chigbogu: book.
Ricky Stebbins: We'll we'll save a message page. We'll have a mission page. And when we have questions for each other, we'll send it to that
Emma Obadoni: Um yeah uh yes so from the perspective of what S is trying to say he's trying to say
Ricky Stebbins: page.
Emma Obadoni: maybe we can have just a group so that maybe sometimes it's not all the time we'll be coming on video calls so maybe just like maybe WhatsApp group or even on on a Twitter group where we can actually start. Okay, this is the file so that um so that will not
Ricky Stebbins: So, we don't need to talk on the phone. We don't need to make these videos. Once you guys get your bloggers going,
Emma Obadoni: record.
Ricky Stebbins: you can have your own groups and we can check in once a month to see how many people you have and how many people I have. We have to connect the Google Blogger pages together because if they're not connected, the AI don't understand that we're all connected.
Emma Obadoni: Yes.


00:29:53

Ricky Stebbins: And I can show you how to do that.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes
Ricky Stebbins: That's in the instructions. It tells you how to do that.
Emma Obadoni: um I've shared that with Gemini and Gemin have gave me instruction I think I've created my so maybe before this week before next week
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: runs out will create his own so so apart from that which other people which other thing do we need since um since will be working on the leg documentations and the rest. So, is there anything we need on the legal documentation and the rest? Is there anything we
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, we will definitely need um we definitely need uh uh you um Ricky
Emma Obadoni: need?
Somto Chigbogu: would likely have about three trustees that will be on the on the documents while we get it registered. Me, you, and uh Ricky. uh then we need uh you know we need to file all the things to the government and so that they can say okay this thing is legitimate. So what we'll do is this is that by tomorrow I will come up with a documents a document that we will use even this night now I have a document I want to get my client lady ready that he want me to make up today I I have to struggle to be in this meeting I have to like try my best to be in this meeting because of I promise that I'll be in this meeting so I'll come up with the documents I'll send send it out to you and and Ricky you guys


00:31:17

Somto Chigbogu: go through it then we can proceed immediately whatever we going to do to be fast as possible
Ricky Stebbins: That's fine with me. I mean, because if nobody starts writing, if you guys don't start writing about your lives, this won't whatever we sign won't matter because no one will have anything to look at. They'll only see me and I got a big mouth. My work is full of a lot of swears. Like, we need somebody to balance me out.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Um yes sir understand you. So now when we got our Google blog running so we not just be writing about ourself but writing about the people we are talking. So we are going to be writing about the people we are talking with like the people we are interviewing with their life stories posting on the blog and everybody we are come in contact sharing their stories so that the blog will so that the blog will will be a very interesting one. So now it will not just be only my story or your stories.


00:32:24

Emma Obadoni: People from different tra from different places, from different culture and then with different
Ricky Stebbins: Sorry about that. But this is perfect. This is awesome. This is everything I've ever dreamed of. This is like our own Justice League. I We're going to save the world by telling
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: stories.
Emma Obadoni: Because every good thing start from tell telling stories. So we have to let our story so that people can hear our stories and not just our stories to hear the stories of other people. So l our platform will be a channels where people can share their stories their real life stories their life experiences to the world and um by time we just start it you can see that it will not just be for Nigeria it will be cut across every place but from the moment but I think our first step is starting first starting first and starting small because we should not wait till everything is ready first before we start So, so as um S is working on legal document and the rest.


00:33:42

Emma Obadoni: So even me I was even thinking that will able to give us the the breakdowns and everything we need. So so um apart from can you hear me?
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I can hear you very loud and clear.
Emma Obadoni: So u apart from the legal documentation and the rest because as legal documentation is is going on I believe other part also should be going on apart from legal documentation and registration. So is there any other thing? Is there any other thing you think we need? So um so that we can start small so that as we are doing it we are also um working on something so that because the same speed is very very
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Emma Obadoni: important.
Somto Chigbogu: The thing is this we write like writing is critical. Please um if we drop the call now please Ricky can you send the link to all those uh your chats and everything to our personal Gmail at least you have our Gmail address send it so that I can come up with some writing and send back to you and Emma this night you know you guys go through it and if you have some writing you can send to our Gmail so that we can just go through it I believe like yesterday I was trying to you know the link uh the link uh Ricky sent


00:34:56

Somto Chigbogu: yesterday I don't know if you if you assessed it. Ima, did you assess the link? He sent a link yesterday.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: I was trying Yeah,
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: I was trying to assess the link, but I couldn't open it. I don't know what what happened. I couldn't open it on my Google, you know. I couldn't open it to my Google.
Ricky Stebbins: That's fine. I should be able to add you to the family plan.
Somto Chigbogu: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I think I added Emma to mine. Did it gave him access to Google Pro?
Emma Obadoni: Um,
Somto Chigbogu: it's
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Somto Chigbogu: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to try to add your name to mine because I have I pay for Google AI to use Gemini and the Google Drive. And if I do that, I can send you all of my information. So, you'll have a copy of it. So, then you're when you talk to AI, it'll understand what this project is.


00:35:46

Ricky Stebbins: You'll know my entire life story. You don't need to read it. If you wanted to, you could, but it's too much. But that AI will now be able to help you tell your life story and be able to ask other people better questions because this gets hard. If you've never suffered a lot of trauma, you don't know how to talk to people that have been through trauma, but AI does once it's heard about it. And that's where hopefully Emma's AI, Bellon, will be able to start connecting people once it learns from all of our stories because we're gonna have to feed our stories to his AI and give it a database of people to care about. Every person that we talk about, we're going to have to connect it with Emma's AI. That's part of the plan hopefully to get Emma's part of this going as well.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. S can you hear me?
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I can hear you.
Emma Obadoni: So um in the course of registration is is there any cost in the registration or everything is build on MJ is it free or something?


00:37:08

Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, definitely there's cost to it now because you're paying money to get it registered. Actually, most of all this organization we are you're going to be submitting the the listing to it costs money to to get it registered. Uh it should it should it should it should be less than it should not cost much like roughly let's say roughly let's say $250 or $500 approximately get everything done.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not a lot of money. And once we get all of this together, that's not going to matter because once we get other people, that's that's like a registration fee. Like I have to pay for licenses. is I have to pay to use all this stuff all the time.
Emma Obadoni: Stop talking with my friends.
Ricky Stebbins: You in the United States, I was going to pay to start my own nonprofit. But for what? Yeah, I was going to. But for what?
Somto Chigbogu: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to do anything by myself. I'm tired of working by myself.


00:38:05

Ricky Stebbins: If we're going to do it together, we can do it together. If you want to start a nonprofit in the United States from Nigeria, I will do that. The three of us, and your company will be in the United States. We can use my home address for your all of our business, but you'll have to handle the legal part and Emma will have to handle the technical part and I'll handle everything we need to do in the United States. So,
Emma Obadoni: We send
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if that changes things for you if you want to think about things.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't mind starting a business,
Emma Obadoni: you
Ricky Stebbins: a nonprofit, but you guys will get paid. Things will you'll have we'll have to start business accounts. We'll have to get tax numbers, but you'll get paid. It'll all go to you. I don't want to get paid for this. I want to do this volunteer because I'm on disability. I hate the United States.


00:38:54

Ricky Stebbins: I hate this business model. I hate ripping people off. I think it's disgusting what the United States does to the rest of the world. So, I think it's time we pay back.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, that's true. Let's see that tomorrow. Now I will submit the whole thing so we see what we can come up with. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Because whatever you guys want to do, I want to go big or go home. I want to go all the way. I want to make sure that you guys are at the top.
Emma Obadoni: What?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want you guys answering to anybody. So, if we got to take a couple days to figure this out, that's fine.
Somto Chigbogu: It's all right. It's okay. It's
Emma Obadoni: Um all right.
Somto Chigbogu: okay.
Emma Obadoni: Um so so sir um I want to I want to ask something because um because they say the time you you want to change the world. Uh maybe a little resources going to be is going to pouring uh on it because the logistic we have to get people and the rest.


00:40:01

Emma Obadoni: So sir, how will you going to in terms of funding? How are you going to make it reality? Because because maybe go to villages, try to get people to talk and also so so what do you have to say about that
Ricky Stebbins: This is awesome. But we're going to have to get you the technology.
Emma Obadoni: sir?
Ricky Stebbins: You're going to have to I don't know what kind of phone you have, but in the United States, like a new Google phone costs like 700 bucks for the the Google 10 that has Gemini on it and it has an awesome camera and an awesome microphone. Like when you talk to people, you want to do like a great job documenting their stories. You don't want to do a terrible job in today's day and age. We want to show people respect to these people for the things they've been
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes. Um that's what I'm saying about um we need maybe we need maybe
Ricky Stebbins: through.
Emma Obadoni: maybe a really good smartphone maybe with a good camera or on or if we cannot get a smartphone maybe we just need a camera I think getting maybe a good smartphone with a good camera will actually do the job h because we are going to be videoing them and also recording it and also the logistics and the rest.


00:41:19

Emma Obadoni: So so then this is going to it's it's not going to be an easy job because nobody because nobody really build a a great thing without without a struggle. So like there's going to be a kind of struggle in it. So, but we're going to make it to become um a reality. So, um that's what I'm saying. We going to need camera. We are not going we are going to need smartphones and um also that's so so those are the step and so so how we going to do is we are going to wait till investor comes in before executing it or we are going to be executing it before investors comes in.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Yeah. Well, once I'm sure there's a lot here and there's going to be a lot of paperwork to read through and figure out, but I man getting you guys a phone would be like the best thing. I don't know how your community works or do they have libraries where people can use computers and access the


00:42:24

Emma Obadoni: Um uh yes the the only place they have libraries where people can use internet
Ricky Stebbins: internet
Emma Obadoni: uh computer to access internet uh is just the universities and but uh but father sometimes universities don't have computer don't have electricity sometimes no electricity and the rest. But but uh one of the best best strategies, okay, is having a good phone um once you have a good phone, then a good phone can actually do the job. We just do the recording and the rest. A good phone can a good phone then with a camera can actually do the job.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And these new phones have Gemini on it and they have all everything you need to do the Google Meets like we're doing here. So, I don't even think you would need a laptop,
Emma Obadoni: No, no, no, no,
Ricky Stebbins: but it would help to have a laptop.
Emma Obadoni: no, no, no, no. We may not, we may not need a laptop. We may not need a laptop. I have a laptop.


00:43:22

Emma Obadoni: I have I have a laptop I can use, but um but we may not need a laptop since just a phone, a good camera. And uh and uh the thing is that sometimes um it may not be on the Google meet. Maybe we may go to meet the people personal maybe go to meet them oneon one to have oneonone discussion with them to ask them some of the question to ask them some of the question because sometimes oneonone conversation sometimes a little bit more better than than Google meet because one of the reason why we do Google meet is because of our distance because of our locations. So sometimes you go to meet them, they share their stories one on one. We ask them question and we document h everything and and then editor edit it and then we send we send it to you then you do the posting on your YouTube and the rest. So by time you So so by you
Ricky Stebbins: You guys have to have your own YouTubes as well. We have to all do this.


00:44:18

Emma Obadoni: seen
Ricky Stebbins: This is a team effort, not just me. It's not I don't want all your information. We have to share it. It has to be our
Emma Obadoni: um Yes. Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: information.
Emma Obadoni: So but the thing is that we can we can even open one YouTube for all of us where we can where everything can be there where everything can be there where all of us will have access to it. So because by then people So by then people were watching by then people were watching it watching
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Emma Obadoni: the stories you are uploading and also we are going to open maybe an S account the social media a social media just for just for the goal maybe um maybe we are going to name it Wiki Wik foundation so put it the Wik
Ricky Stebbins: We don't need to be about me.
Emma Obadoni: just
Ricky Stebbins: Just it can be about you guys. I don't want Make it about you. You guys are the future. It doesn't need to be about me at all.


00:45:20

Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want it about
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: me.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. I'm just say for example just for illustration. So we are going to open um a YouTube a Twitter account Facebook page maybe Tik Tok season video. So there's how we hire an editor so that everything is going to edit. So everything they're going to edit the videos so that we upload it and by time you see people start watching it is going to be a life-changing stories and this this is something that is going to go global because people are going to share their different different stories from different perspective from different cultures and so it's going to draw a lot of traffic. People have to know what is going on around the world because there are some part of Nigeria which h which some people don't even have access to good drinking water to good water to good water and there are some part of Ghana which people which some don't even have electricity. So it's not just about us.


00:46:23

Emma Obadoni: So it's about us getting the stories of the people getting their pains getting their struggles then upload it for the world to see. So, so then that is that. So, that's what I'm asking because an NGO is something that need funding. An NGO is something that need funding for it to come to reality because there's nothing good that come without a funding because we cannot change the world without a funding. We cannot change the world without a funding because for you to change the world, you need to spend a little bit of money. Then from there when people start hearing the stories then by then is by then it's going to attract and investors because investors will love it because people are sharing we stories and by then it will go global within if if you put an effort within the next three years within next two years this something that's going to be super global that everybody
Ricky Stebbins: Like I'm a dirt bag. Like I hate talking about business, but we got to sneak this into the churches because if we start talking about this in churches, we're either going to catch a bunch of liars or people are going to help us because we're doing God's work.


00:47:35

Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, true.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir. Um we are going to see yes churches,
Ricky Stebbins: We
Emma Obadoni: schools even sometimes even get to hear stories of some Muslims and the rest.
Ricky Stebbins: have you m Email me your address. I'll I'll send you a phone. It'll be easier for me to buy you a phone than it is for me to use crypto and to buy this stuff and wait days. I can buy you a phone today and send it to you. It'll be it'll be mailed to you and it won't be a problem.
Emma Obadoni: So do you think about logistic? I mean they going to stay because sometimes when you said the phone the customs they're going to do custom clearance sometime I lying.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, that's
Emma Obadoni: So because because sometimes how things work in America is different from how things work in
Somto Chigbogu: true.
Emma Obadoni: Nigeria.
Ricky Stebbins: Can I buy a phone in Nigeria and have it sent to you so it doesn't have to go through customs?
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.


00:48:38

Emma Obadoni: You can buy a phone in Nigeria and send
Ricky Stebbins: We'll figure all this out.
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: I because I'll talk to AI because I I don't mind paying for stuff.
Emma Obadoni: And
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't matter what what good is this money that I have. I can buy trash to put on my shelves and I can sit here by myself or I can spend money, send it to you guys and hopefully change the world.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes and we are going to we are going to make sure that um every bit of every bit of money being spent is being accounted for because right now because because right now even even though there even though it's an NGO but so that we we can able to achieve our goals. We can able to achieve because state in Abuja which is the federal capital of Nigeria which is the federal capital of Nigeria like the much more developed place in Nigeria and uh and me and me I stay in the eastern part of Nigeria which a little bit less developed place.


00:49:41

Emma Obadoni: So, so like so um so so by time by time something is going to bring his stories he's going to get contact with with people with with his people from his region and me getting contact from the people from my region and he's going to see that it's going to make sense because because um because sometimes when you going to meet people they're going to share their stories sometimes they will tell that They don't even have time to share their story because they're struggling because they're struggling for what to eat. They're struggling how to make money on the rest. So, so by time, for example, you just offer them just like $10,000. $10,000 should be like should be like $10. $10,000 should like $10. Maybe you can just offer them $10. Okay. Take this $10. Relax. Eat. Let's let's hear your story. So by then people can open up their mind and share their story because um because um right now know that someone who is hungry may not have the opportunity to share the story.


00:50:46

Emma Obadoni: He may looking for what to eat first. So by time we give him maybe a snack or something to eat first then he will be more relaxed to share that stories because uh because uh if you come to Nigeria the rate of poverty is so high is I think the rate of poverty is up to 40%. So so that is why so that so those are the things because uh because one thing I know that how things work in
Somto Chigbogu: Look, look, the the the thing is this is that uh Ricky is convinced on this vision. He's highly convinced on this vision. So we are we as a team we going to make this thing spread essentially here in Africa that they dump this AI stuff like they dump it we are the last consumers dumping is here okay keep using this keep and he has seen this vision he's like the originator the vision visionary on this mission we are like the disciples we we catch this vision we know that we're going to help him actualize this we see we see the fire burning in him you get we see the fire because he speaks to because you can see the passion.


00:51:55

Somto Chigbogu: It's only the crazy ones that really change the world. So these uh this uh how will I put it now? This uh how I put this I want there's a word there's a word I'm trying to use because of the way he sees things and we have seen through through him. This is getting to churches. This is getting to organizations. This is getting to household names. This is getting to the right source to give us platform to educate people to talk to people to teach them. So even this phone coming in now that is the reason why we want to make sure we structure this thing with the right bodies. So when we're going about educating people we're documenting it on our YouTube.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And if you guys have an X account, I'll pay for the Grock so we can have Grock comment on it because you have to pay the eight bucks or whatever a month and then Grock will comment publicly and and Grock will comment if
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, that's


00:52:55

Ricky Stebbins: there's a problem,
Somto Chigbogu: true.
Ricky Stebbins: why aren't people helping? And he'll say it's up to people to help. I can't help. We have to help our neighbors. AI is not going to help it for us. So, let's do it. So, yeah, it's I guess it's late for you guys. I don't want to keep you guys up all night. And we can do this at better times for you. What works better for you guys? And then we don't have to do I don't know when you want to do this again, but you guys have to write something. You have to start your bloggers. You have to share it with me. Write about yourself. Like, I went to college and now I want to do this with the rest of my life.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: And then we'll go from there.
Somto Chigbogu: that's That's
Ricky Stebbins: We start small. Just who are you? Why do you want to do this?


00:53:51

Ricky Stebbins: Why do you care about anything?
Somto Chigbogu: true.
Ricky Stebbins: Because I care about everything. And I can tell you why. Just like you guys, I'm talking to you guys because I care. I believe in helping other people. And I know that we can take the entire planet back for all of us and make it a like a heaven on earth if we want to, but we have to do it. No one's going to do it for us. Like your country could be beautiful and you could make sure that no one ever, you know, puts anyone in poverty ever again, but you have to do it. Like no one's going to do it for you.
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: It's like I want to do it. I want to help people. And I ask all the time, what can I do to help? What can I do to help? I don't have tons of money, but I have tons of time. I've got tons of energy.


00:54:48

Ricky Stebbins: And I can meet people with money. But I need to have, you know, a reason to ask for money. Why am I going to ask other people for money if I don't need it? Because right now, I don't need money. I have food. I have shelter. If I ask people for stuff, I feel like I'm lying because I don't need it. I just would want it. But you guys need money. It's different. You guys need it.
Somto Chigbogu: That's
Ricky Stebbins: So that changes my perspective now. like, "Oh, well, what we're doing, I don't I'm not going to do it all for free. I need to make sure that you guys get paid so that you guys have food and
Somto Chigbogu: no no. The the truth is this is that it's it's it's it's not just it's not just um it's not just trying to
Ricky Stebbins: shelter.
Somto Chigbogu: okay say we're getting paid to do this like like we we want to start it from the beginning as a nonprofit uh nonprofit uh organization you know something we want to like do okay because we're not aiming for to make money from it but I know with time as you're spreading definitely funding is funding is important even in the most noble cause on earth funding is still important the top the most top um bay that wants to change the world by making sure that everybody has uh a roof under their head,


00:56:07

Somto Chigbogu: a clothes, you know, funding is also important but we were just saying okay incorporate a company basic stuff to document these processes like you just suggested now croc cro should comment on on on this thing publicly on X you know so by tomorrow when we converge again cuz I want to deliver to a client a a a a a proposal he asked me to send to him by tomorrow when we converse again Ricky I'm going to compile the paperworks and the whole logistics and everything that we're going to come up with so that we can we can come up with something tangible
Ricky Stebbins: Sounds
Somto Chigbogu: okay
Emma Obadoni: That is good.
Ricky Stebbins: good.
Emma Obadoni: So um so tomorrow so what time would be best for us? Is it by this time also?
Somto Chigbogu: time should be great now same time this time should be At least every day now we're doing roughly an hour. We did we did close to an hour. Now we almost did close an hour today
Emma Obadoni: Okay. So,
Somto Chigbogu: again.
Emma Obadoni: so um so I believe tomorrow just and everything so that on the live meeting you can


00:57:05

Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Emma Obadoni: also just send to his email so that um so you are going to send it to the email before the before the meeting so that so that we will not discuss it on the meeting so that everyone of us will go through
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: it so on the meeting tomorrow then we can discuss it oneon one. Is that okay by everyone?
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. And I'll send the links as soon as we get off the I could do it while we're talking. I mean, I just ramble on. I just stare at I I usually watch the closed captions.
Emma Obadoni: Okay sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I could have sent it, but I'm just listening to you guys talk.
Emma Obadoni: So,
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Emma Obadoni: so okay sir maybe um is there anything you could like to share again so that maybe we can call it an end something
Ricky Stebbins: I'm all set. I I think I've gotten everything out. Unless you guys need more information or there's anything you don't understand. This is like a tree growing it.


00:58:07

Emma Obadoni: um
Ricky Stebbins: You're going to have more questions all the time, so you don't need to get it all out tonight.
Emma Obadoni: yes that that's one of the reason we are taking step by step sir that's one of the reason we're taking step by step and I believe so um tomorrow Ricky will um something will be going to church it's actually almost midnight in Nigeria so maybe uh we can call it today maybe tomorrow by this time or so by 10 we can have another meeting so tomorrow meeting will be more details because um soon will come out with everything we
Ricky Stebbins: That sounds
Emma Obadoni: Okay sir,
Ricky Stebbins: great.
Emma Obadoni: thank you so much for this opportunity and we uh our three working together everything is going to come to reality and we are going to change the world together.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. Awesome. Have a great night, guys.
Emma Obadoni: Okay, have a good night. Goodbye sir. Goodbye.
Ricky Stebbins: And if you have anything to say,
Somto Chigbogu: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: something I can stay on if you want or if you're tired.
Somto Chigbogu: It's okay. Let me just complete some work. I have I have some fireworks I want to do this night. Okay.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Now,
Somto Chigbogu: We'll talk longer.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: okay, we'll talk tomorrow. Goodbye.
Ricky Stebbins: Goodbye.
Emma Obadoni: Goodbye.


Transcription ended after 00:59:35

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
