Apr 28, 2026
Memory Ark with Emma and Friends - Transcript
00:00:08

Ricky Stebbins: Hope they can hear me.
Emma Obadoni: Nice to meet you, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: How are you doing this evening?
Emma Obadoni: Doing I'm doing perfectly fine, sir. just just working,
Ricky Stebbins: Slowly
Emma Obadoni: researching and um trying to become a better trying to become a better developer.
Ricky Stebbins: but surely, we're getting there. Good evening.
Free Fire: Good evening.
Ricky Stebbins: Free fire.
Free Fire: Good evening, sir.
Emma Obadoni: I'm I'm trying to set up my lights. is modern is
Ricky Stebbins: No worries.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Free Fire: See?
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear just
Free Fire: Oh my god.
Ricky Stebbins: uh
Emma Obadoni: Yeah.
Free Fire: Okay. Is it
Emma Obadoni: Hi everyone.
Free Fire: Y
Emma Obadoni: Who this sir?
Ricky Stebbins: Hello good
Odah Godwin: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear
Odah Godwin: Good evening sir. Good evening.
Emma Obadoni: Good evening God. How you
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Free Fire: Go
Emma Obadoni: doing?
Odah Godwin: Yeah. Yeah.
Free Fire: ahead.
Odah Godwin: I I believe this last time.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.


00:02:48

Emma Obadoni: So I H how is America? How is everything? I heard about the gunshots. Yeah, that was yesterday or day boys at the Washington DC.
Ricky Stebbins: That was a joke. That is all part of their stupid plan.
Free Fire: Jesus.
Ricky Stebbins: That's fake garbage.
Emma Obadoni: But you think that you think the president could risk his life on a joke?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I do. The president is a liar. He was never shot at in the first place when he that fake shot that was taken two years ago. He doesn't have a scar on his ear.
Emma Obadoni: Are you a Democrat or you a Republican or a conser
Ricky Stebbins: I'm neither.
Emma Obadoni: conservative?
Ricky Stebbins: They're both liars. They're all liars.
Free Fire: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: All of
Emma Obadoni: I'm a little I'm little been a fan of Donald Trump.
Ricky Stebbins: them.
Emma Obadoni: I really like Donald
Free Fire: Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: Trump.
Free Fire: You
Ricky Stebbins: Once you learn what has Donald Trump done to hurt he's never helped


00:03:47

Free Fire: can
Emma Obadoni: But I like Dr. Trump. I like his aura. I like his authority.
Ricky Stebbins: anybody.
Emma Obadoni: I love how how he's doing. I love um his courage. I love um many things about
Free Fire: speech.
Emma Obadoni: him.
Ricky Stebbins: Everything I'm doing is working to take Donald Trump down and all of his cronies. Elon Musk is gone. Sam Alman gone. Bill Gates gone. All of these dirty elected officials are going to prison.
Emma Obadoni: Is there is there no light in your side?
Free Fire: H there's no
Emma Obadoni: There no light.
Free Fire: li.
Emma Obadoni: Do you have a power bank?
Free Fire: Yes, sir.
Emma Obadoni: Um,
Free Fire: I
Emma Obadoni: do you have um this thing?
Free Fire: said,
Emma Obadoni: What what would I do? Do you have a ring light?
Free Fire: "No,
Emma Obadoni: I don't discuss it.
Free Fire: sir."
Emma Obadoni: to discuss how to get your ring light so that next time we video call so that your so that your background will look more clearer.


00:05:07

Free Fire: Okay, sir. Thanks, sir.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. So Mr. Mr. Ricky you can see his background is a little bit dark. So I'm discussing now to get him a light so next time we'll be on a video call it it will be more brighter. So let's go straight to
Ricky Stebbins: I I got to speak to Freefire earlier and he shared a story with me which was great because my AI want to expand on it now.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Story. That's
Ricky Stebbins: Would you freef fire can share it?
Emma Obadoni: nice.
Ricky Stebbins: He can talk about
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Free fire. The floor is yours
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Emma Obadoni: now.
Free Fire: Okay, sir. So, I was thinking of a story I can put up. So, I just decided to go online to look for an incident that took um the charts in Nigeria before. So I looked at the NSAS protest that took place in leg to gate. So I made my research with using my AI.


00:06:08

Free Fire: So I got those things together, put it up. I added some images into my Google blogger, Google blog story. I also sent it onto my GitHub too. So I can I will share my screen so everybody will see. Oh s***. Right
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Free Fire: now, is it
Emma Obadoni: Interesting. It's interesting. It's
Free Fire: Yes sir. So this I I picked this image from Pinterest.
Emma Obadoni: amazing.
Free Fire: Yes. I told them to give me like an image that was related to the SAS protest. So I added it one at the beginning and one at the end. So I'm going to also drop the link to to this uh my this post so everybody can go there and watch too and make more on it.
Emma Obadoni: That's
Free Fire: Yes sir.
Emma Obadoni: nice.
Free Fire: I'm sure that all of you have my GitHub account. my GitHub account.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Um just your Google blogger link is more important for now.


00:07:40

Free Fire: Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: We are going to have to teach people how to install the the GitHub link on Google Blogger and share the Google Blogger link on GitHub. hub. So any AI will know that they're in both
Free Fire: When I was um trying to share my story to my GitHub,
Ricky Stebbins: places.
Free Fire: I I had some little problems. But what I did was that I copied all the text for my Google blogger story. So I then set it in my AI to convert it to GitHub markdown language. So he converted them to me. So I copied them and I took them straight to my GitHub where I created a rep repository right there. So I pasted it there. So it gave me what I wanted. So I just saved it. So it's over there right now.
Emma Obadoni: You have really done amazing work. Um, you really done amazing. I'm really proud of you. Screw down. Let me see.
Free Fire: Thanks.


00:08:38

Emma Obadoni: Screw down. Let me see.
Free Fire: Uh I don't know why I cannot really scroll down but okay I I will try. I would All
Emma Obadoni: Mr.
Free Fire: right.
Emma Obadoni: Ricky, you can see he's doing amazing
Ricky Stebbins: He's did an amazing job. And I sent him an email about what my AI said because my AI wants all of us to
Emma Obadoni: job.
Ricky Stebbins: start telling stories like this again. All of us have opinions that matter. All of these horrors are a pattern. What happened uh in 2000 matches what ICE is doing now in the United States.
Free Fire: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: It's spreading fear and terror.
Free Fire: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: They're not trying to help anyone. And we need to prove it.
Emma Obadoni: It's nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. They really done an amazing job. They always done an amazing job. So, so because this story is a story that is a story that that really happened in Nigeria and I'm so proud of his work, the answers, there was shooting and


00:09:48

Ricky Stebbins: And there's more than this.
Emma Obadoni: everything.
Ricky Stebbins: This is the thing. AI is going to tell us that there are other incidents that match this across your country and we need to map them.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Uh yes sir and um FIFA really did a nice research
Free Fire: Nothing.
Emma Obadoni: on on that. So these are kind of the stories that needed not just the type of stories are personal stories also and much of the events that took place. So how long did it take you to how many days did it take to do the research hours?
Free Fire: Yeah, it just took me just few hours. Few
Emma Obadoni: Nice. Okay.
Free Fire: hours.
Emma Obadoni: Maybe next to tomorrow can you do a more a more detailed research on it because you also have so many perspectives. So so that you have so you also have more to share more like more research on it
Free Fire: Okay sir. I'll do more
Emma Obadoni: also.
Free Fire: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to write a story, too, and I'm going to link it to his story.


00:10:59

Ricky Stebbins: When you copy the bar at the top, the address, you can share that in your Google bloggers. So, anybody that reads it will see that I decided to write this story because I read Freef Fire's story first. So, everyone and my AI will know that his story inspired me to
Emma Obadoni: I'm on call. Um
Ricky Stebbins: expand.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. So, so these are some of the stories uh because free fire story is a real story and um it's what really really occur in Nigeria and also because sometimes you know sometimes we pre democracy and democs the people in power not even allow us to practice free democracy when people go to protest there'll be a lot of shooting they're gassing the people and the rest sometime there's freedom of um freedom of a speech but sometimes there's no freedom after speech. So um I mean really did an amazing
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Emma Obadoni: job.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm very proud of them. And this is exactly the kind of work that we need to inspire everyone to start doing.


00:12:20

Ricky Stebbins: We can tell our stories and the stories across our country that we have no power of stopping innocent people being hurt. And especially why are like the youngest of us having to do this? Like we have young people across the world doing this, but the adults aren't standing
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Um, yes.
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Emma Obadoni: So you know this these are one of the reasons why I'm trying to connect everybody the youngs and everybody to come up with amazing stories because I've never even imagined that free fire will come up with this amazing story but this amazing story is a story that even happened with that even got across America. Do you remember even Nicki Minaj even made a tweet about it that they should stop the killing. So is really really interesting story. So Mr. Godwin, do you have anything for us? Can you hear me?
Odah Godwin: Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: God,
Ricky Stebbins: He's muted.
Odah Godwin: Yeah. Good evening.
Emma Obadoni: good
Odah Godwin: Yeah. I'm actually making research on a situation that happened over a year few years


00:13:24

Emma Obadoni: evening.
Odah Godwin: ago. But I've been writing exams but actually taking some things I've noted some things down hopefully. Let me see within a weekend I'll run submit everything. So I've taken just like incident that happened along just bug whereby some fellow Muslims were coming from prayer that took place in just going to their home state and they were being attacked and killed and there was also a retaliation from the Christian part also about what just like an incident that happened.
Ricky Stebbins: Jesus.
Odah Godwin: So I think all throughout that period like the federal university over there shut down for almost 3 months due to that incident that happened. So it's actually a real life scenario that took place and even till now the incident has still happened over here in just like my brothers here in Nigeria you know all the incident happening in just so the incident have been reoccurring from over the years and the government have not done anything to like set the issue so like the killing just consistently like human life every is not even like taken into care so like human life over there is being ignored which is really affecting the state like the state is a state that very rich in minary resources but due to what is happening like one of the state has one of the best weather over here in Nigeria but due to this issue like


00:14:55

Odah Godwin: everybody's even just like passing through a Pakistan so if you're passing through the state because the state is linked to most if you're coming from the north central or coming from the east you can either choose to follow through there so people passing through there now like are scared Anytime you're passing through the states you be scared because of imagine getting kidnapped like last Sunday when I was in church a priest was sharing a life story whereby they were going to anra so they have to pass through there through the jaws before getting to the north before you take the the road for the east. So it was like where they carried on the way due to radiator or hitting there when there were three priests together. So one was on the look on a lookout for what to happen so he notify the others of what is going to happen. So when the other one was on the lookout he saw a strange movement in the bush because the car spo at a lonely part. So when the car the other one noticed something was happening he called the other one and then called told him that what is happening it's not like understanding the movement.


00:15:59

Odah Godwin: So immediately all they all run away and 3 days after they ran away they were actually rescued by a soldier checkpoint. Three days after when they ran away, when they were coming back and they made the soldiers, the soldiers was not explaining things to them that do you know that after you guys ran away, the nappers attacked a community that was close by to where you guys pass for it. And you see the car, they have to pay for a military to accompany the car so they can be able to to the car. They have to pay military so they can tow the car and they have to pay. So they have to pay like two two times amount for towing and for protection of those that are going to tow the car. So these are scenarios that have been happening over here in just state that have been ignored. So I'm trying to like come over with some things I making my research start writing exam. So I'm trying to come over with some things that I can present over the next Monday.


00:16:57

Emma Obadoni: That is actually an amazing story. That's actually an amazing story because this these killings these killings are actually real life scenario has happened and most times when I read about the story sometimes tears come out of your eye. You start crying because because of the killings of the innocent soul and the government will not even do anything about it. And even most times and even most times the medias will not even report the exact number that happened. Maybe for example maybe like three people maybe for example 100 people died maybe the media can reply report that maybe 20 people died. So these are real life scenario. Was was it not on the palm Sunday that they keep so many Christian on that the same just
Odah Godwin: Yes. Three days after again attack the community
Emma Obadoni: see that is it so so many things so these are real stories that that we really need to
Odah Godwin: also.
Emma Obadoni: put online and um God doing free fire and John all of us we are doing amazing work so that so that is the reason of us being a team together because we can achieve a greater height working as a team coming up with our different stories or different report because right now you are in the United States of America while I'm in Nigeria and so many of my brothers here are in Nigeria like in different different part of Nigeria like just like the US maybe someone is in Miami,


00:18:30

Emma Obadoni: someone is in Chicago, someone in that city. So these are these are the stories that we are really really working working out and um I believe everything working good and uh John and also John has done two post about um John has also done two post post and he's also working on other projects also. So,
Ricky Stebbins: Red Free
Emma Obadoni: um, what do you have to
Free Fire: Sir,
Ricky Stebbins: Fire
Emma Obadoni: say?
Free Fire: there's one more story that uh spread like wildfire just like the NASA's process. Maybe most people didn't take it um serious.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Free Fire: It was the death of Mubad. The death of Mubad.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Free Fire: Yeah, I'm going to do more research on it. I I'm only starting to make some research on um what happened because of that mobile incident. Was it a small incident during 2023 if we still remember? Yes. So I think that's one of the things one of the meant to be fighting for is also about innocent killings


00:19:33

Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Free Fire: too. That's one thing that has taken a lot of lives. Yeah. So that what I'm going to be working on the next story I'm going to be putting
Emma Obadoni: So uh so let's hear from Mr. John Mr.
Free Fire: on.
Emma Obadoni: John you want to create a WhatsApp story because he he lives in Abuja and he hasn't been very very very busy but Mr. John is working so Mr. John is what you have to say to us.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Okay, good evening everybody.
Ricky Stebbins: Good
Emma Obadoni: What do you
Free Fire: Good
Emma Obadoni: mean?
John Egwakhide Unuane: So far,
Ricky Stebbins: evening.
John Egwakhide Unuane: so far I've talked two different
Free Fire: evening.
John Egwakhide Unuane: stories like just about kind of what is about my as Nigerian because they are not enough about a very very personal story. the fact that I studied microbiology that I had to switch sectors just because there were there was opportunities specifically for microbiologist and it's a medical field but then again there are other there are other professionals that are seen as better than not there just and that that that is the whole thing I'm criticizing in my news story I just have a a switch to make on the story and know up close and just basically about the biasing system.


00:21:44

John Egwakhide Unuane: That's that's just what what I've got my hand.
Ricky Stebbins: This is great. I just saw that John posted the second story. I didn't get to read that yet.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Oh yeah, that second story is just about my my life basically. what I do, how I'm able to um connect everything I do from
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
John Egwakhide Unuane: um advoci I'm able to connect and everything I do into one and beautiful that's what I wrote
Ricky Stebbins: heat. This is great because we need all of this. We don't want to leave anything out. We want to talk about ourselves and about the world and help other people tell their stories. So, you guys are doing great.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yeah. All right.
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: I really appreciate this.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. So I believe this is just our starting point because I believe there are so much more to be to say about the rest.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yeah. So many stories I heard.


00:23:13

John Egwakhide Unuane: I heard um about the insect. There are a lot of stories to tell. Just a crime to write them all.
Emma Obadoni: So um Mr. um so can you hear me? Can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: Hi
Emma Obadoni: Can everyone hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: again.
Free Fire: Yes,
Emma Obadoni: So what and what do you need so that you can able to tell a better story or what and what do you need so that you can
Free Fire: sir.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yes, I can. Yes, I can.
Emma Obadoni: able so that the story can come out faster so that you can have a much better story.
Free Fire: Just internet connection data subscription. Yes sir. That's all I
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Okay.
Free Fire: need.
Emma Obadoni: Do do you have a phone? Okay. Uh, Mr. John, is there is there anything you need for us for you to able to come up with a better story or writing?
John Egwakhide Unuane: Good for everybody. Internet internet good good devices.


00:24:33

Emma Obadoni: Okay. Um, Mr. Mr. Godwin Godwin, is there is there anything you need for a better story and
Odah Godwin: Yeah, just your internet connection same. Yeah. Yeah. Your internet connection same as everyone here because internet collection is now very very expensive and it's a bottleneck to me very over here also.
Emma Obadoni: So um so Mr. very key. So you can hear so so one of the things they need is is a internet connection internet subscription because right now in Nigeria the way we subscribe our internet connection it's not the same way you you people pay so we pay like almost every day because you can buy an a suspicion today before tomorrow it will finish because if you not have internet suspicion not be able to come here and and also I'm also looking forward by grace of God so that can have some certain light on their barrier and how they take a better images and that. So Mr. Wiki do you have anything to say because I really want them to be coming up with good stories and then making it fast so that we can have much to share to the people.


00:25:46

Ricky Stebbins: I'm doing everything I can. I'm reaching out to people for funding for people to share because if people just donate a few dollars and buy you guys technology, that's all we need. And you'll be able to start telling stories and sharing it and that's it. We don't need millions of dollars. Once we get funding and once we find people to take this serious, people will be able to hire you and you'll get regular paychecks. But right now, we're fighting the system that doesn't want to be fixed.
Emma Obadoni: What do I
Ricky Stebbins: Like we're doing the work that the church is supposed to be doing.
Free Fire: This
Emma Obadoni: say?
Ricky Stebbins: You shouldn't be doing this work. Your pastors should be doing this. All of the churches in the world should be doing what we're doing right now, but they're not doing it. Like,
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: we're fighting an uphill battle alone.
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, we're all at the
Emma Obadoni: So I mean so so um
Ricky Stebbins: bottom.


00:26:51

Emma Obadoni: listen um pre how much is your internet subscription for a month?
Free Fire: for a month.
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Free Fire: Okay, I'm going to check now, sir. I'm going to give a feedback.
Emma Obadoni: So Mr. John is your subscription so that we can actually know how to go and Daniel is subscription. God, God say how much
Odah Godwin: Yes sir. Yes sir. I think so I'm using my router.
Emma Obadoni: of
Odah Godwin: So normally by you go on normally give 20 50 20,000 for unlimited for a month. 20,000 for unlimited.
Emma Obadoni: that is that is 30,000 NRA.
Free Fire: sir.
Odah Godwin: Yes. Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Okay, free fire. Just hold on. So, Mr. John also your own Mr. John. Mr. John.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yes. Yes, I can hear you. I just start on the chat.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. It's 30,000 also. So, free fire. How much is your internet subscription a year? A month?
Free Fire: 9,000 sir.


00:28:12

Emma Obadoni: 9,000 for a month.
Free Fire: Yes,
Emma Obadoni: So, so, so roughly 30 30 + 10 making
Free Fire: sir.
Emma Obadoni: 50,000. So, that means that means Mr. John with Mr. Just that mean with about $70 we can able to cover the internet subution for a month for the first
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: stage.
Ricky Stebbins: And what's today? The 28th. I'll know in 3 days how much money I'll have left for the next month. And then I have to look into buying phones. Freefire is using his mother's phone.
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: We don't need we don't need brand new phones. But if we have iPhone 12 or something that's a couple years older, these phones are going to take awesome pictures. The internet works perfect. We don't care about all the apps. The new apps don't help at all.
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: All the work that you guys are doing, none of the apps will help you do any of this work.
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: You're doing all the work yourselves.


00:29:19

Ricky Stebbins: Like it's not the phone doing this work. You guys are doing the work.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: The technology
Emma Obadoni: Because Yes, because I spoke with FitF Fire. So,
Ricky Stebbins: go
Emma Obadoni: Fif Fire don't does not have a phone. is using his mom's phone and that those are some of the limitation um we are looking to cover up and um and and also Mr. John Mr. John don't have a a good camera that can also take a good picture and also Mr. diary but we also going to take it step by step and also in Nigerian so so I was thinking and also I was thinking to cut out to limit cost to reduce cost in Nigeria we can also use the so call a secondand phone like a fellow use not a brand new phone but it's like but a good phone with it you can take an amazing picture and so so I was thinking instead of buying a $1,000 phone waiting for buying $1,000 phone actually get something a little bit average so that everyone can actually get get it distributed to everyone so that when the bigger phones come then we can think about getting a bigger phone and the rest.


00:30:35

Emma Obadoni: So because my main purpose is we getting everything because because my main purpose is we getting everything getting to work walking. You can see Freef Fire has already put a story that Godwin is writing a story about the killings inapp in in just and when when you want to talk about the killings that happen in just you can even write a whole food book the book will not even be complete because of the stories and also Mr. don't also have a story. So, so um so uh so those are the limitations I'm we are trying so that to build those limitation to make sure everything move fast and we have more stories to to tell because the more we have more story to tell the more we can able to access people and to get to people and funding and the rest because no one can actually change the world without without putting a little fund on without putting a little fund on them because Um h every one of us every one of us they are still young and all of us we are still young and many of them all of us and all of us still chasing dream of having a better futures and so that's why all of us are dedicated to this project.


00:32:01

Ricky Stebbins: It's funny because I need you guys more than you probably need me because you don't all understand what I've built yet. But once you understand this, you're going to see like, "Oh my god, Ricky's the one that needed us." Like,
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: you guys are more important than you imagine. And I'm going to do everything I can to get you the technology that we we need to make this happen sooner rather than later because I don't want this to take six months. It's not going to help if we wait six months to make this happen.
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to try to make a couple weeks like two three week like that at the end of
Emma Obadoni: Um
Ricky Stebbins: at a month at the worst. I want to make sure you guys have four phones that you can use and that you guys are have more stories and you can interview other people. Because if you're stuck sitting at home waiting for a phone and you have people that are willing to share stories, that doesn't help.


00:32:58

Ricky Stebbins: Like we need the stories.
Emma Obadoni: Yes
Ricky Stebbins: Like the the money is not important.
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to help people.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Thank you so much. Because with those uh with us with them getting those funds and going out to share their story because even as they're going to work or they're going to school they meet their their fellow student maybe their co-workers maybe their classmates maybe their lecturers or even in church in the mocks h maybe in the social gathering that's how they get story. So maybe you have a good phone and can actually take a picture with somebody or maybe take a picture of event. So by time you upload your story, your story will be more credible because you added an image attached to it. Mr. John, what do you have to say?
John Egwakhide Unuane: Okay, that's actually that was actually a very very difficult plan. So instead of breaking um breaking the bank on getting phone across um up there, we could get them here in Nigeria.


00:34:02

John Egwakhide Unuane: I mean here Nigeria has a very good market for use. We call them secondhand home phones here and they're way cheaper to uh for years and so I think that's a very good plan to have I'm sure going to help them speed up the whole process and optimize the workflow better than All right.
Emma Obadoni: So, um, Gordon, do you have anything to
Odah Godwin: Okay. Yes.
Emma Obadoni: say?
Odah Godwin: You know getting this thing. Okay. Like for instance now there are some people over there some friends I have over there who are like schooling over there. I also like to get their input of their own life experience of all the experience during all this attack that is going on. So internet connection have actually been limiting because subscribing because see over here I've been doing let me see small small subscription messaging them. So some of them will take a little time before they will get back to you. Maybe when they will now maybe your subscription has gotten exhausted.


00:35:19

Odah Godwin: So I'll need that officer can get their own input of how they experience the life how their own life experience was that okay like the one that happened recent like each state have to send boss from their state to come and like evacuate their students. Even till now and presently now they the students all are on let me see school break due to that incident that happened. So this will actually help me enough to like get the information from them. Just imagine getting something from somebody that really experienced what actually happened.
Emma Obadoni: What's
Odah Godwin: The person inut to be much much much better because sometime internet actually lie because you're not
Emma Obadoni: the
Odah Godwin: upload the full story over there. But somebody that was there that witnessed everything know what actually happened like somebody that you story and how you felt is different from what you actually saw online sometime. So being able to like reach out to people there will really help me cuz I'm also even planning on if I can even be able to travel down there and at least get to meet people that also get to see what they experience like people within the town over there.


00:36:21

Odah Godwin: So it will actually be beneficial also. Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, this is all going to be great. It's just a matter of time. And once it starts, once things get moving, like there's no stopping us, but we just have to keep working until people notice
Emma Obadoni: So free fire, do you have anything to
Ricky Stebbins: us
Emma Obadoni: say? Fire, do you have any fire?
Ricky Stebbins: and we can finish. We can pick up again another day. We can wait a couple days so you guys can take some time. And what's the 28th? Once I get paid, I get paid Friday. And then I'll know exactly what I have left this month. Next month I'll have more money. Next month I can deal with cash, but I won't have any cash for the rest of this month. But I'll have cash at the end of next month. and that will make it easier. I can buy stuff with a credit card, but I have to find stuff that works on the credit card.


00:37:36

Ricky Stebbins: And I've been talking to Gemini about this about shipping stuff to people. And I can see I don't know if I can get a an internet plan where I can pay for the the internet over here. I'll see if I can do that. I'm not sure how international plans work, but things might be cheaper for me. I'm going to have to find out.
Emma Obadoni: Mr. John, Mr. John, Mr. John,
John Egwakhide Unuane: I can hear you. I can hear
Emma Obadoni: I thought you have an uh I thought you have a plan on on how we can get something from
John Egwakhide Unuane: you.
Emma Obadoni: ship something from America to Nigeria. Sam, have you checked at Amazon? Amazon DS?
John Egwakhide Unuane: Okay. DHL. Okay. I'll check on DHL tomorrow.
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
John Egwakhide Unuane: I'll visit their office
Emma Obadoni: I know Amazon. Amazon use GHS. Sir,
John Egwakhide Unuane: tomorrow.
Emma Obadoni: have you make a research on Amazon? Mr. Ricky, have I make a research on Amazon?


00:38:48

Ricky Stebbins: I've done some research on Amazon and then I've done some on eBay. So, I don't know what you guys think is better or what services actually work better in your country. And I was also told that I should maybe have things to a shop where you guys can pick it up so you don't have to worry about anybody taking anything through customs or worry about anything getting stolen.
Free Fire: Hello.
Emma Obadoni: I can hear you.
Free Fire: Hello.
Emma Obadoni: I can hear you. You can see some the free
Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
Emma Obadoni: fire.
Free Fire: Okay, sir. I don't know to confirm if I'm back now. I have some serious connection issues now, but I hope I'm back
Emma Obadoni: Yes. So most time is because Amazon uses
Free Fire: now.
Ricky Stebbins: Heat.
Emma Obadoni: DHS. Amazon uses DHS. So because Amazon has done some shipping in Nigeria. So I think Amazon is the best. Amazon is the best Amazon is the best platform to use just
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.


00:39:55

Emma Obadoni: just put this and Amazon take about six to seven days before it deliver. So Amazon is the best. So, so now, so by time you by time you check it, you're going to check some of the product that can come to Nigeria because there are some phones that is not allowed to come to Nigeria on on on Amazon stock. There are some but so but the thing is
Free Fire: Yes,
Emma Obadoni: that once you get to Amazon maybe check the phone and check everything you can see
Free Fire: sir.
Emma Obadoni: so product can come to Nigeria this can come to like on Amazon something can come to Nigeria on Amazon but you can see from 15 can come to Amazon Samsung can come to Samsung can come to Nigeria rest and within about seven is it already arrived Nigeria and
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Emma Obadoni: it
Odah Godwin: Um sorry sometime again like they do have global phones and they have for particular countries. So like you go for the global version because the global version covers every countries. So like they do like segregated that way also version and region by region.


00:41:11

Ricky Stebbins: Okay, that's something to look into, too.
Emma Obadoni: Um and by time we talk about the internet conact for you to do it from us. So the most important thing is just by time you have by just a little fun maybe you can just saying so by time just have a little fun you can just little phone you have to the paper to the paper then um so then by time to the paper then I not have to I not have to distribute to everyone so that so that everyone will receive their shares and so that that will be the very fast process to subscribe the internet connection for everyone. Are you okay with that suggestion? Mr. John, are you okay with it?
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. That's fine.
Emma Obadoni: Gordon,
Odah Godwin: Yes, I'm okay with it.
Emma Obadoni: are you okay with it?
Odah Godwin: Yes, sir.
Emma Obadoni: Free fire, are you okay with it? I want to carry everybody along. Every fire is not


00:42:26

Ricky Stebbins: That's all right. We can deal with that later. I mean,
Emma Obadoni: online.
Ricky Stebbins: it's not going to happen overnight anyway. It's not going to I'm not going to send it right now, but we'll figure everything out. I'm going to have to figure out how I'm going to pay for everything. Like, if we're going to start paying for stuff and making things happen, I might start a GoFundMe because I'm pretty sure we can get people to donate money to us and then I'll just have it hooked up to accounts that you can just take money from because I don't want to have to send money to you. If we're working as a team, you're going to know what equipment you need and I don't want to be in control of everything. Once this starts going, I want you guys to be in charge. I don't want to be in charge of anything. Once people start sending in money, I want them to send it to you, not to me. That's the only way this the only way this is going to work is if I give you guys control.


00:43:15

Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: I need to teach you what I'm doing and then give you control so you don't have other people telling you what to do. Like I don't want people telling you what to do ever. You can ask other people, but no one's going to tell you anything. You guys are going to be in control working together as a team. And I'll help you the entire time, but I'm not going to let other people tell you to do this or tell you to do that. Like you guys know what's best for you and your people and you know all the problems going on and if you want to stop them, you have to speak up.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. That's one of the more reasons why you have to come up write more stories, write a better stories on the
Ricky Stebbins: Not better. Just more stories.
Emma Obadoni: rest.
Ricky Stebbins: You just have to learn to express yourself and to talk about how you feel more because most guys don't do that.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.


00:44:29

Ricky Stebbins: We're raised to be strong silent type and I'm not silent. Oh, all right. So, is there anything else tonight? Cuz I'll start looking. I It's going to take me two days to see what funds I have left that I can send you. And then I need to get addresses to to see about shipping stuff and I'll I should start looking into starting a GoFundMe this weekend tonight. I should start working into starting a GoFundMe for what we're doing and share it with you. Before I start doing anything, I'm going to start sharing this team effort stuff.
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to do things and then leave you guys in the dark.
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: I want you guys to be aware of everything that I'm doing so you can give input. If you don't like something I'm doing, I want you to say, "Hey, I don't want to be a part of that." Don't do that.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. So I believe we are in So when when next are we having a meeting?


00:45:38

Emma Obadoni: Maybe tomorrow. No,
Ricky Stebbins: today.
Emma Obadoni: next.
Ricky Stebbins: Give it We can do it Friday. Friday the
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: first.
Emma Obadoni: Friday the 1st. Okay. So today's today is Tuesday.
Ricky Stebbins: Today's Tuesday.
Emma Obadoni: So I believe
Odah Godwin: Yes. And it be nice on you can start like building new ideas.
Emma Obadoni: so
Odah Godwin: It will be a great month. So, I'm okay with the
Emma Obadoni: so um on the first is okay so that before then I've also put up more stories on our blog and the rest and by then on the first we'll get back to you and everything. So John, are you okay with on the first?
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yeah, the first one that
Emma Obadoni: Mr.
John Egwakhide Unuane: works
Emma Obadoni: Mr. John, are you okay with on the first?
John Egwakhide Unuane: fine for me.
Emma Obadoni: It worked fine. Okay, for me for me it work fine because any day you put for me it works fine. I'm a remote worker.


00:46:37

Emma Obadoni: Any day you put for me and go with any time. So is there any more solution to make a contribution so that maybe you guys can go and stay
John Egwakhide Unuane: earlier. I'm sure
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
John Egwakhide Unuane: the link is in the chat.
Emma Obadoni: So Mr. The the WhatsApp group is on and running now. The WhatsApp group is on
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: and
Ricky Stebbins: I'll be able to copy this message and I'll I'll stick it in my phone and I'll join the group when we get off this message.
Emma Obadoni: sir. Mr. W, you have a nice necklace. Your necklace is
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, thank you.
Emma Obadoni: fine.
Ricky Stebbins: my uh I got my for the never- ending story. All right, so thank you for your time tonight, guys. It was great talking with you. And we'll talk again Friday, unless there's anything else you guys have.
Emma Obadoni: Friday.
Ricky Stebbins: And then you guys can reach out in between. If you guys have anything you need, you can email me or Freef Fire wants to call if you have any questions.


00:47:52

Ricky Stebbins: I'll be around.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. So if if you have any question, you can reach out to Mr. Ricky. I know most of you people have his Twitter handle, his email, his WhatsApp number, his um so many so many ways you can reach out to him. So if you have anything, you can actually reach out to him or if so if you cannot reach out to him, you can also reach out to me because we we are like one big family. Yeah. So so so I really want everyone to feel free and to to see what's in your mind to express yourself. So that with that and be free. So with that that's the only way we can actually achieve our goal because if everybody are not free to really express what's in the mind we cannot really achieve our goals.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. All right. And then we'll work on seeing uh Freef Fire needs to work on his data subscription and that'll be figured out in the next couple days cuz that's his is cheaper than everybody else's. That 70 bucks shouldn't be hard to deal with next month.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. 70 bucks.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Mr. Ricky, thank you so much. Mr. John, thank you so much. Mr. Godwin, thank you so much. Mr. Free Fire, thank you so much. We'll see you on Friday.
Free Fire: Thanks.
Ricky Stebbins: Thank you guys.
Free Fire: Focus on.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Goodbye, sir. Let's keep
Free Fire: Bye.
Emma Obadoni: walking.
Ricky Stebbins: Goodbye.
Emma Obadoni: Byebye.
Ricky Stebbins: Bye.
Emma Obadoni: Right.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Bye guys. Goodbye. Bye.


Transcription ended after 00:49:45

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
