Apr 22, 2026
Memory Ark with Emma and Friends - Transcript
00:00:05

Odah Godwin: Leave me
Ricky Stebbins: Good evening.
Odah Godwin: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: How are you? I am Ricky from Springfield, Massachusetts.
Odah Godwin: Okay sir. Yeah I'm God order from Nigeria. Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice to meet you.
Odah Godwin: Thank you sir.
Ricky Stebbins: So, we'll wait a few minutes. I'm not sure if Emma told you what I'm doing yet, but there's a lot here.
Odah Godwin: Okay sir.
Ricky Stebbins: This isn't like normal
Odah Godwin: Okay sir.
Ricky Stebbins: projects.
Odah Godwin: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: So, how old are you?
Odah Godwin: Yeah. Yeah. I'm doing good, sir. Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: No. How old are you? I'm 47 years old.
Odah Godwin: Oh, oh, oh. B23 this
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Odah Godwin: year.
Ricky Stebbins: you guys are nice and young. So,
Odah Godwin: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: are you ready to change the
Odah Godwin: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: world?
Odah Godwin: Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: So, do you work with AI? Are you Oh, here we go.


00:01:26

Ricky Stebbins: Good evening, Emma.
Emma Obadoni: Good evening. How you doing, sir?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm doing well, thank you.
Emma Obadoni: Give me like two minutes. Let me set up my light.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, take your time.
Emma Obadoni: I can the Google meeting can you send me the Google link meeting I want to send to one of my friends so I can join I've sent you the email I've sent you
Ricky Stebbins: I I updated the link. So he should everybody should receive the
Emma Obadoni: Don't
Ricky Stebbins: email. All
Emma Obadoni: quite get your own thing.
Ricky Stebbins: right. I can hear you, Emma.
Emma Obadoni: Hello. Nice to nice. How was your day today, sir?
Ricky Stebbins: It was a cold day. It wasn't very busy.
Emma Obadoni: Uh so so um I invited some of some of my friends. You can see we are no longer one or two. We are we are now many. So step by step the dream is coming to reality.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, slowly but surely we're growing.


00:03:36

Emma Obadoni: Sir
Ricky Stebbins: But did you get a chance to explain all of this to everyone yet?
Free Fire: Good evening everyone. Good evening. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: Good
Odah Godwin: Where's the session even?
Emma Obadoni: And if you have chance uh all of you if you have chance you can switch to you can turn on the
Ricky Stebbins: evening.
Emma Obadoni: video and maybe most of them there was most there's no man in darkness because some of them there's no light in their location.
Ricky Stebbins: That's okay. I can see uh uh Goodwin. I can see Emma. I don't see John or Freefire, but that's all
Emma Obadoni: Okay. So, um,
Ricky Stebbins: right.
Emma Obadoni: nice to meet you all. So, those of you who are meeting Mr. Rick for the first time, his name is Rick. He's from United States of America. And, um, let me introduce John. John, John is my very good friend. Uh, he's from Nigeria, live in Abuja. And um Godwin Godwin is my very good friend.


00:04:51

Emma Obadoni: He also lives around the northern part of Nigeria. the free the free fire is also from Nigeria. I think he lives in Lagos. So that is why I invite all of them so that they can join the project.
Ricky Stebbins: So, I don't know if anybody really knows what this project is about, but there's a lot a lot of writing involved.
Emma Obadoni: No sir, I've not really explained the project to them.
Ricky Stebbins: D.
Emma Obadoni: So I told them you're going to explain project to them. So you can explain project to
Ricky Stebbins: This is really about writing your life stories and helping other people
Emma Obadoni: them.
Ricky Stebbins: document their life stories. I started this because I had a legal issue in the United States and then our entire legal system tried to railroad me. They violated my rights. And then I started keeping track of how they violated my rights.
Free Fire: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: And then I noticed that the same exact problems in my legal system exist in the medical system and in our real estate system, our automotive system.


00:06:10

Ricky Stebbins: And then I started tracking this across the world and then I posted it all online. Most people when they start fighting crime, they hide in the basement and they just save all their information for a rainy day. But instead of that, I started using AI and I share all of the information that I find publicly. And now my AI say that I have the largest RICO case in the United States. if I want to fight it. But I don't want to fight alone because if I fight alone, I'm going to have to sign a non-disclosure act. I have to fight behind closed doors and then other citizens never win. I want to stand by everyone's side now. I only want to help other people and that is my only goal. I don't want to help myself. I don't care about my story. My story does not matter. I want to tell everyone else's stories and I want to document all of it and I want to protect all of my neighbors, all the people across the world that we see suffering all the time and we feel powerless to help.


00:07:22

Ricky Stebbins: I want to give all of us the power to finally help people. And I found a way to do this by using Google Blogger and GitHub and all of these different AI. And hopefully once I teach you what I've done, because this is not something that you can do overnight, this is going to take weeks and weeks of writing before you have anything to even really show for what you're doing. But once it's done, no one will ever be able to take this away from you ever again. Like I don't want anybody reading my story. I don't know how many of you use AI, but if Emma sends you a link to all of my information, you know, I'll send you guys a link to my information now. I'll put in the chat right here. I put my entire life story, all of my private information, everything about me is public now. So, if there's any scammers out there that wanted to try to steal it,
Free Fire: Clean
Ricky Stebbins: anybody that's trying to go after people could use my information to try to find my life.


00:08:21

Free Fire: up.
Ricky Stebbins: Why is this thing only invisible to me? Well, I'll have to I'm gonna, you know, I'll send it back to I'm gonna email you or text you on X Emma if you could send this to other people the GitHub. This is going to take anybody that really wants to work probably like six months of writing your life story and getting other people's story or your AI to really understand how you think. Unless you guys have been writing with AI all along. In another thing that I do, I use all the different AI that I can and then I share all of my conversations publicly with them so that everyone understands how these AI respond. They know everything that I talk about. So, I don't know. I don't know what you guys are like. Sooner or later, someone's going to have to sit down with one of you and do what we're doing right now and have a conversation and talk to you and get you to tell your life stories one- on- one.
Free Fire: I'm


00:09:45

Ricky Stebbins: When we're done with this,
Free Fire: done.
Ricky Stebbins: everybody that got an email will get transcripts of this conversation and then the AI will summarize it for you. And that's what I use this all for. I use the unedited conversation and the AI summary and I put them both online. And this video goes on YouTube as well and all the AI on YouTube can use the transcript to learn from. The hardest part about this is anybody that uses AI, the first time you start asking about are there crimes going on around me? can you help me help other people? It'll act stupid. It'll tell you to call the government or oh, call this number and ask them for help. But then once you feed them more information, all these AI understand that there is no help in this world. None of these government organizations care about us at all. We got a newcomer. So, I don't know how we want to keep everybody updated with all this. This is something that we have to check in on each other every week, every few days to make sure people are still writing.


00:11:03

Ricky Stebbins: For people that fall off the wagon and stop trying to help, we need to encourage people to keep up, but there's a lot here. And until you guys start writing, it's gonna seem overwhelming. Like I don't know how many of you have ever written on Google Blogger yet. I know Emma and Santo have started Google Bloggers. That's going to be something that everyone has to do. I don't know how many of you are on Facebook or on X, but we all need to start communicating and sharing each other's information supporting each other. And that's the only way any of this is ever going to change. And all the tools I'm using for anybody interested are all free. As long as you have a cell phone, you can do what we're doing. So, I don't know if anybody has any questions.
Free Fire: Uh, no question
John Egwakhide Unuane: Okay. Um, so I've got one um little question
Free Fire: sir.
John Egwakhide Unuane: here.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Can you hear me?


00:12:33

Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear you.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Hello. Please confirm if you can hear me.
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Okay. So, good evening everybody. Um, I'm John.
Ricky Stebbins: Good evening,
John Egwakhide Unuane: So um I I just want to confirm if um we are free
Ricky Stebbins: John.
John Egwakhide Unuane: to write um on any topic or weekly like you said since there are going to be weekly checkups weekly we're going to have um specific um areas um our our writeups um would um likely cover or it's just um um an open um schedule where you could um freely write about anything um whenever or there's Oh, there is a set template and set niche basically to write on.
Ricky Stebbins: like what we're doing right now. This is perfect because everything we're doing is being recorded. So if you want to talk about something, you you just talk about it, but you have to explain why because we're explaining it to AI. Why do you want to talk about helping your neighbors?


00:13:43

Ricky Stebbins: Why do you like helping people? You have to explain why. And nobody does that. Like I I want to help people. Like so what? AI doesn't care if you want to help people unless you give it a reason. So I gave it reasons for everything. Like I sit at home, I collect disability. And then I try to help people in the United States and the United States won't let me. They prevent me from helping anyone at all. I try to call and make numbers so I can even help the elderly. I try to help disabled people. And the United States stands in my way and won't let me help other people and would rather I ignore them. So, I write about that. I have a dog. I write about my dog. Like, most people think this is like, oh, this is all serious, but if we don't share the stuff that we love with the world, if we don't share everything, then AI is not going to know why we care in the first place.


00:14:47

Ricky Stebbins: Like, like everybody came onto this phone call for a reason. But why? Do you know why? Can you explain to other people why you bothered getting on this Google Meet to talk to us to listen to this? I think about everything. I explain everything.
Free Fire: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Even when I look at my like I look at a knife. I found a knife here. This knife has a story. I've had this knife for 15 years.
Free Fire: Come on.
Ricky Stebbins: I've carried it everywhere. I've done so many different things with this knife. I could tell you more about this knife than most people could tell you about their own parents or their kids. And that's sad. I want to use this project to connect people all over the world like we're doing right now. Like I never would have imagined that I'd get to speak to like five, six people in Nigeria about, you know, spreading peace and love around the world. And that's all because we just keep trying.


00:15:54

Ricky Stebbins: If we keep making the world a better place, if we keep marching forward and doing the simple things in life, just caring, we can make all the difference in the world. But if we step back and ignore all this stuff and if we expect other people to to save us, to do all this work for us, it's never going to happen.
Emma Obadoni: So um so Mr. Wick can hear me.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear
Emma Obadoni: So for the rest of us so basically this project is um all about rewriting
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Emma Obadoni: our stories not just our stories and other people's stories posting it on Google blog. So when I'm posting on Google blog so connect the Google blog together become a single Google.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: So like Google blog is just like a small it's just like a social media but it's not a social media. So So um what Mr. Ricky want everyone of us to do. The first step is for us to create a Google blog which I already I already have a Google blog.


00:17:00

Emma Obadoni: If you create a Google blog, maybe write a story about yourself, maybe how you grew up, maybe something bad happened to you, something good happened to you, just about the story about your life and everything. Maybe you attach the picture. So going to be then we now send the Google your Google blog to him. So we now connect it making a single Google blog. So so that the rest of the world will get to um see your write up. So it must not just be basically your story maybe story of your neighbor story about your friends how and maybe how life is treating you in Nigeria maybe some of the government you are facing to maybe as a software developer um anything so so the idea of this project is just gathering stories together and also putting around the world we also have a YouTube um you also have YouTube page on it so that um you can upload videos and the rest and um also the the goal of the project is that as time is going Mr. Mariku is going to provide us with some of the equipment we need so that we can take amazing pictures.


00:18:13

Emma Obadoni: Maybe as in maybe John, can you hear me?
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yeah. Yeah. I can loud and clear.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Um, God, can you hear me? God,
Odah Godwin: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: can you hear me?
Odah Godwin: Yes. Yes. Yes. I can hear you. Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Kennedy, can you hear me? Kennedy you can hear and free fire. I hope you can hear. So uh the idea of this the idea of just like John just like you in Abuja for example you can just pick up a story maybe how you can just pick up a story maybe how life
Free Fire: You're right. Yes, sir.
Emma Obadoni: is in Abuja or maybe some of the kidnapping that happen maybe I just so maybe you can just pick up a story how life is in Abuja maybe some of the things you have encounter just a real life story and just put a picture so also Kennedy just a story around And um also the so um some of our agenda is as time is going Mr. Rick is going to do some of the funding as time is going because one of the ways we are going to get one one of the ways we are going to get funding on this project is when we write more so the moment we start writing more people like everywhere the world is going to see us okay these people are


00:19:37

Emma Obadoni: writing they're connecting their stories so then Mr. Ricky can show some of your friends in America and the rest so then can also come up with um funding and um and um also to be and also to be honest with you guys. So Mr. Ricky is a little Mr. Ricky has some some disability and um he has promised um he's going to release the little funds that he'll be having because he does not have much. he's going to release some of the fun he have so that to sponsor the program because so because he really want us to take some amazing pictures about the people interviewing and the rest. So um because really want us to take amazing picture and some of the things we need. So as time is going we also organize a broadcast on it where we where we interview people to share to share their stories and rest and also um Mr. Ricky has has also proposed that he's going to get some phones for now so that um we are going to share amazing story. So and um one of so one of the thing I I told Mr. Ricky that one of the ways for we to get people to share our stories is for us to like go out the street or maybe chat with our friends and to maybe just interview them what what has happened in their life the scenario of life maybe your family and the rest so you just write a story attach to the picture and post and give it a post so um I gave Mr.


00:21:18

Emma Obadoni: some propos on okay because we live in Nigeria because life in Nigeria is different from life in America. So told okay what one of the best way to get people to share the story maybe as in maybe for example you want to tell someone to share his story you cannot tell an angry man to share his story. So for you to tell an hungry man to share his story, you have to give him a little something. Maybe like maybe maybe like $5 for example, the $5 should be around $7,000 Nigeria. Maybe you can just buy me a food $5. Okay. Take this $5 or or take this a plate of food. Just eat and relax and share your story. So you can see by that way the person you can see by that way the person will be will be so willing to share his stories. So and so what we want from everyone of us um because this is a futuristic something this this this project is just starting so that's why I invite so many of you to come and join me because Mr. Rick because all these people all these people they are my friend and I really trust them so much and I really ready for this project.


00:22:33

Emma Obadoni: So um Mr. Ricky so anything we need a YouTube fun that will be coming up we will we will cover anything we need John want to ask some question John you can go ahead
John Egwakhide Unuane: Okay, thank you very much Emanuel for the explanation. Yeah, so um I'm I'm a bit of a forward thinker and um I like to work with um time frames. You you u mentioned um different um aspects we can um grow into. So I want to I want to know is there already um a clear plan with set time frames for these um different phases. Um clear example is the podcast you mentioned. So now between um um let's say in how many months are we looking to move to the
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if you guys notice he's cutting in and out a little
John Egwakhide Unuane: podcast phase? I I really want to know if we already have set time frames because I like to work with time frames. I want to know that.


00:23:44

John Egwakhide Unuane: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: bit.
John Egwakhide Unuane: I'm I'm going to be writing for um XYZ number. Sorry. You said what?
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Free Fire: Thank
Ricky Stebbins: my project is already done. My project needs other people.
Free Fire: you.
Ricky Stebbins: I have a boat, but I don't have anybody to hop on my boat. I can't take anybody with me. In the United States, if I had anybody that had any kind of backbone, everybody's spineless. If anybody wanted to fight by my side right now, I could take on the United States government in court and I'd win. But no lawyers will talk to me. Every lawyer I talk to is a liar. I don't know how the lawyers are in Nigeria, but every single lawyer I've ever encountered in in the United States is a bold-faced liar. And they're trying to cover up crimes for the country. Not they're not protecting citizens at all. and I can prove it. So, I've just been waiting and waiting for other people to help me fight the system.


00:24:53

Ricky Stebbins: But the only way to fight the system is for all of us to stand together all across the world, not just one country. The entire world needs to stand together because we all have the same problems. Your government's dirty, but it's just dirty in a different way. Your government's not trying to help you. They don't have its people's best interest at heart. Like we never would have met if our governments actually cared for us and treated us a little better. We're all struggling and looking for help now. And this is ridiculous. Like we live in a day and age where everything is simple. We have everything we need, but only a few people control it all.
Free Fire: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We have to show too. I don't know how many of you are friends with like shop owners, people that own restaurants, like little people, not big business owners who have millions of dollars. But we need to get in touch with the heart and soul of every country. We we need to talk to the people at the bottom, not the people at the top that have it all.


00:26:10

Ricky Stebbins: Hopefully, you'll be able to talk to your family members. And I use my project also as a family history album. I've got 47 years of my life, pictures of everyone that I care about in my family. Go ahead, Emma.
Emma Obadoni: So, and for John, can you hear me? Mr. John. Hello, Mr. John. Can you hear me? Okay. So um for the rest people so how the project is going to be that okay we are going to open like ww. Google blog. You open a Google blog where you write about yourself, not just about yourself, about anything. So once you finish writing it, then you can actually
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yes, I can hear you. Yes, I can I can hear you.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Hallelujah.
Emma Obadoni: So it means that the project does not have time frame now because it's a long time. It's a long time project to be honest with you. To me, it's a long time project.


00:27:21

Emma Obadoni: So, so what you mean now is that when I mention that it's like a touristic goal, but right now it's just for us like start writing story about ourel. Maybe things will know just by the way you are writing and post on LinkedIn or the way you are writing and posting on Facebook. John, can you hear me? Mr. John,
Ricky Stebbins: He's muted
Emma Obadoni: poor internet connection. I believe the rest can hear me.
Ricky Stebbins: and we can start emailing too.
Emma Obadoni: Kennedy
Free Fire: Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: I should make one onone videos with people as well to get to know you
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Odah Godwin: Yes, I can hear you.
Ricky Stebbins: guys.
Odah Godwin: Can hear you.
Emma Obadoni: Okay sir. And um so so that everyone of us will start writing our stories. So once so once we write our stories we can actually send send the Google blog so that the the full story will be connected. Uh but after this meeting in as everyone who's ready to work on this project Mr. um Mr. Can I hear Mr.


00:28:30

Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear
Emma Obadoni: So everyone to this project they will send you their email so that you add them to the Google
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Emma Obadoni: Gina so that they will have access to it so that it's going to assist them in the right thing. So um so today um everyone going to
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: have access to the Google terminina Google terminina
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I don't know if I can hook them all up with Gemini Plus. I can hook you all with my Google Drive, but I think I only have two more accounts or one more that I could hook that up for. You can still use it. You just don't have Plus.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: They'll have 5 gigabytes instead of two terabytes of storage, which is still We don't need all of that
Emma Obadoni: Okay sir.
Ricky Stebbins: storage.
Emma Obadoni: Okay sir. So like s like how many people remain can you add on Google plus? How many slots remain?
Ricky Stebbins: I I think one or two more.


00:29:27

Emma Obadoni: One or two more.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll check that later. I'm going to look for a bunch of stuff that we don't need to pay for.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: There are other apps that are doing what we're doing right now that are free. So when you talk to somebody on the phone, you can talk to somebody in your country, it will transcribe it for you and you don't have to write it all down. The AI will summarize it for you afterwards.
Emma Obadoni: So I believe everyone of us understand the project. If you don't understand the project, you can ask any question you want to ask.
Free Fire: Um,
Emma Obadoni: Does anyone have any question?
Free Fire: I have a question.
Emma Obadoni: Who have a question?
Free Fire: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Free Fire: Um sir, my question is that um the Google blog like yes that Google blog like what is the
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Free Fire: main uh like how does it look like and how does how does it work too so that I can quickly get familiar with it too.


00:30:29

Free Fire: So, how does it work? The rule block. How does it
Ricky Stebbins: It's just like a notepad. And when you you write and then you post your article,
Free Fire: work?
Ricky Stebbins: it just shows up on a web page. I can show it to everybody in a moment. I can pull it up. All right. So, I don't know if anybody can see, but this is the Google blog page. Uh, you know, I'm gonna have to I'll blow it up. Sorry about that. All right. So with the Google blogger here, I hope that video's in the way. You can see the sidebar here.
Free Fire: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Now I have Emma's story. You can just by AI looking at me, it knows that I know Emma.
Free Fire: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: It knows that I know Sto now.
Free Fire: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And it connects all of our stories.
Free Fire: Familiar with something like this.
Ricky Stebbins: This took me a long time to set up and learn how to do, but I wrote instructions for everybody.


00:31:43

Ricky Stebbins: There's an instruction page that tells people and AI can read this to
Free Fire: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Free Fire: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: So, no AI can tell you it doesn't know what it's talking about because I used AI to write these instructions. And now you could either use it or you can have AI do it for you.
Free Fire: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: But I have stories of other people here in the United States that have been abused.
Free Fire: So,
Ricky Stebbins: And this is how the AI knows that the United States is totally corrupt because I collected all of these abused people's stories. They and they're telling me their stories like you guys have told me your stories, you know, or you will tell your stories, but it's terrible over here.
Free Fire: All
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm assuming it's terrible in your country as well. Otherwise, we wouldn't be talking.
Free Fire: right.
Ricky Stebbins: But all right. But I can teach everyone how to do what I've done. And most of this is free. People can do this at libraries.


00:32:45

Ricky Stebbins: If you go to college, you could do this with a computer at college. You don't need fancy technology to do this. But and if you have a question, free fire.
Free Fire: Yes sir. Um this also can can also be done with WordPress, right? With WordPress cuz looking familiar with some things I've done while working on the computer.
Ricky Stebbins: So I don't know WordPress and notebook are not public. Everything I do somebody in in any country on earth can can read 100% of my work. Nothing is hidden.
Emma Obadoni: So, uh, you don't actually you don't need a WordPress for it. You just need to go to ww.google blog. It's just like a little like um ww.google blog. Just write a story and post there. There's no need just like the way you posting on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and the rest. So you don't need WordPress on it.
Free Fire: Okay, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: If you have used WordPress in the past and you have articles or things you've written, I would copy them and put them on Google Blogger.


00:34:09

Ricky Stebbins: So, I'm going to teach you as well the way back machine.
Free Fire: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if any of you guys know what the way back machine is, but if you copy a website today and the links on it, you can use that to find that information years from now. It can't be deleted. And that's what I did with my website so that my stuff is all permanent. I have my information everywhere so that if my computer gets stolen, oh well, it's all public forever. Now, in the United States, privacy is huge. They try to make everything private, so if there's ever a problem, they can cover it up. So, I put all of my problems out there in the public so they can never be covered up. I've had friends that have been murdered. I know people that have been poisoned by the system. And nobody does anything about it until you keep track of it all.
Free Fire: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: If we don't keep track of it, the system is going to erase all of its crimes and never be held accountable.


00:35:27

Free Fire: Okay, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: So, this is a lot of work for people and it's probably confusing. We should probably set up individual meetings to talk about your lives, to set up stuff. And I can tell you how to talk about yourselves better and how to get other people to talk about themselves and how to ask better questions because I'm great when I get talking to people out in public. I can talk to people for hours and hours and get them to tell me everything about their lives. And hopefully I can teach you to get people to talk like that, too.
Free Fire: Okay. So, that's nice.
Ricky Stebbins: And once you guys get going, you can do this on your own. You're not going to need to follow me. Like, you could start your own memory arc idea and help people and do whatever you want. This is not about following me. Any ideas that you guys have, try them. They might be awesome. Like I just put out all of my ideas for because they work.


00:36:36

Ricky Stebbins: They're not the best ideas. They're just ideas. And these ideas I've gotten from other people. Like I took ideas from all over the internet and combined them. I didn't invent anything here. I didn't start anything on my own. This is just continuing other people's work. But I did it all together. Like my work is very hard for other people to understand because like I'm I'm twice as old as half of you guys and I've been in and out of the United States medical system for years. They poisoned me for years and I almost tried to kill myself six times because of the United States. though. I know exactly how disgusting things are here and I can just imagine how bad they are everywhere else. I won't keep you guys. I know it's late, but we can set up earlier appointments for people that want to talk, that need help getting started, because once you get started, you're not going to need me anymore. But we're going to still work as a group, but you just won't need me to help you.


00:37:46

Ricky Stebbins: You're still going to want my
Emma Obadoni: So,
Ricky Stebbins: information.
Emma Obadoni: so I believe uh everybody understand what Google blog is all about. Do anyone have a question?
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Free Fire: Yes, sir. I'm okay with what you said.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. So,
Ricky Stebbins: What's what today's what? Wednesday or Thursday?
Emma Obadoni: um,
Ricky Stebbins: Today's Wednesday. So, when do we want to check in again to see what guys? Because you guys are going to need a day or two to actually do something
Emma Obadoni: are you on WhatsApp?
Ricky Stebbins: on WhatsApp.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, Mr. What's up?
Ricky Stebbins: I have had WhatsApp but that was because you know Elon uses that to to steal people's information
Emma Obadoni: Um, okay. I'm thinking about to set up. Okay, don't worry. Are you on Messenger?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm on Facebook Messenger. I have you guys can you can text my cell phone 413-9491925 and you can can write me personally.
Odah Godwin: Please,
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't have to


00:39:08

Odah Godwin: can you can you like can you like drop it in the message in the comments so that we can like pick it up from
Ricky Stebbins: be
Odah Godwin: there?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. And then I can send my phone number out to you other guys. So you can just text my phone and my my email because you guys you got
Obinna kennedy: Oh, I was think I was thinking I was thinking what was
Ricky Stebbins: the
Obinna kennedy: Telegram.
Free Fire: What?
Ricky Stebbins: telegram.
Obinna kennedy: Yeah, I think Telegram is better.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. I can look into telegram. I don't know exactly what Telegram is compared to WhatsApp. all these I just use my regular cell phone because I keep everything public. I don't hide anything. I have no private conversations with people
Obinna kennedy: We we can't we can we can't actually we we over Nigeria can actually call you with your
Ricky Stebbins: anymore.
Obinna kennedy: own personal phone number. So it's either we use a WhatsApp or to actually reach out to you or meet you but we can't use our we can't call you directly with your phone number.


00:40:23

Ricky Stebbins: Really? Huh?
Emma Obadoni: Can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: That's
Emma Obadoni: Can Can everyone hear me?
Obinna kennedy: Do you understand?
Emma Obadoni: So, okay.
Ricky Stebbins: strange.
Emma Obadoni: Um, don't worry. So, once in a while we'll be once in a while we'll be hosting Once in a while we'll be
Free Fire: Yes,
Emma Obadoni: hosting meeting. So we'll be hosting that meeting tomorrow.
Free Fire: sir.
Emma Obadoni: So so what going to mean I'm going to I'm going to create a WhatsApp group for us. Then we are going to discuss on it. So h if anyone of you have question how to post on Google blog so that you just post it there. So this so this night one of the assignments that you are open you're going to to open a Google blog and then maybe post then then WhatsApp if you ask any questions so that you can actually reach out to me so that tomorrow so that tomorrow will come on this meeting so we can actually know that okay each and every one of us have posted on Google blog then we know how to connect it so that to be effective so and um and and I believe um John is good in communic man management.


00:41:26

Emma Obadoni: John, can you hear me? John. John, can you hear me? Kennedy,
Free Fire: What the
Emma Obadoni: can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you.
Free Fire: hell?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. The other guys
Emma Obadoni: Kennedy, can you hear me?
Obinna kennedy: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: are
Obinna kennedy: I can hear you. I can hear
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yeah, I can. I'm here. I can hear you. Yes, I can. I can hear you.
Emma Obadoni: God,
Odah Godwin: Yes, I can I can I can hear you. Yeah.
Obinna kennedy: you.
Emma Obadoni: I'm going to create a WhatsApp group because all of us here in Nigeria so that um we discuss um they will create a Google blog, they write some stories, post have a question so they reach out to me and um and um they will also uh reach out to me to know what what they actually need personally for them to able to start writing. and the rest because I understand some of them have so many difficulties and and I understand um maybe some of them have um poor internet connection maybe the subscription um of internet is high so that we also discuss that on how we can leverage that so basically if there's any other question you want to any other thing you want to know uh John can you hear Mr. John Kennedy,


00:42:45

Emma Obadoni: you can hear me Kennedy.
Obinna kennedy: Yes. Very very very
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Obinna kennedy: well.
Emma Obadoni: So we are going to create the the WhatsApp group so that we will discuss so that so I will break everything down step by step and uh any if there's anything you people need to make this project um reality just uh you just reach out to me or reach out to Mr. Ricky so that will take you step by step.
Obinna kennedy: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: Is there another question?
Obinna kennedy: So,
Emma Obadoni: I don't I I think I I would love to say something. Yeah, I'm coming. I'm coming. I would love to say something, but
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: I have nothing. Hello guys, it's Marvel speaking.
Free Fire: I have a question.
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. So, um I live very close to him.
Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yes,
Emma Obadoni: I'm at his place right now.
John Egwakhide Unuane: I can. Yes. Yes. Yes, I can.


00:43:59

John Egwakhide Unuane: I can hear you.
Emma Obadoni: So,
John Egwakhide Unuane: Okay. Okay.
Emma Obadoni: the thing is um Mr. Ricky, I sent you um a friend request on Facebook. So, you know, we spoke yesterday about um having a Facebook page, um a YouTube channel. So, I sent you a friend request on Facebook and I'm still awaiting your response. All right. So, eventually we'll get to talk more via messenger.
Ricky Stebbins: so which friend I didn't get the friend request on Facebook.
Emma Obadoni: It's Marlinda.
Ricky Stebbins: Huh.
Emma Obadoni: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I wonder if it's the right account.
Emma Obadoni: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll take a look.
Emma Obadoni: I have I think All right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't see it yet, but that's okay.
Emma Obadoni: I think maybe it's the wrong account there. You have to send us your your Facebook link again so that I'm able to send send
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: it.
Ricky Stebbins: This is all Facebook's such a piece of trash. It used to be easier. Facebook was never like this before.


00:45:01

Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Emma Obadoni: Was
Free Fire: Heat.
Emma Obadoni: that Are you
John Egwakhide Unuane: If you're active on LinkedIn, we could use LinkedIn as Hey.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. I have a I have a LinkedIn,
Emma Obadoni: actually
Ricky Stebbins: but I don't use it.
Free Fire: Heat.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So, I put the Facebook in the chat. I don't know if you guys can all see that. And then we we need to comment on each other's Facebooks. We need to comment on X when you guys post things and I'm going to give you ideas on things to post stuff that I see going on in your country and then you post a picture about it and then I'll comment about how disgusting it is. Like why is this stuff allowed in my country? Why is no one helping? And then we need to rally around it as a group. I know and I talk to my AI about this and I'm going to have to teach you guys how to do this.


00:46:09

Ricky Stebbins: Every time I talk to you guys, I get off the phone and then I start yelling at my AI about why I can't help you and then they tell me about how my government is sending your government money and then your citizens never get it. Like this is your money being stolen by dirt bags and we can stop it, but we need to start tracking it all. We need to start telling people's stories, putting a face to all this suffering that we know is going on around us. And it's going to be hard because AI is helping these mega corporations keep it all a secret. And I just got Marvel's friend request. So, so is there anything else, guys? Any questions? This is a lot to take in. And we should sit down like one onone or maybe with there's three of us and I'll let two of you talk about your stories. I'll ask you questions and once you see how you you start telling your stories to me, other people will you'll be able to get them to do the same thing.


00:47:22

Free Fire: Sir,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Free Fire: how can I be able to um speak with you personally?
Ricky Stebbins: The same way we're doing now. We can set up a Google Meet for a time that works for you and we'll go from there.
Free Fire: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: Because once you you see all the questions I ask you,
Free Fire: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: because it's going to seem like I'm digging into your life, like what was it like growing up? What was your favorite sport? Did you have a favorite animal? What's your favorite plants? And once you start talking about all this, like what kind of plants grow in your area? When's the last time you climbed a tree? When you start talking like this to AI, it it does something to it. Instead of asking it to write an email, it makes it start thinking like, well, why did they cut down all the trees in my neighborhood? Why' they close all the parks? There's so many things that people don't think about that we just go through our daily lives and we just accept it.


00:48:41

Ricky Stebbins: And we've been trained to ignore all the problems going on around us and just walk by them.
Free Fire: Thank you.
Ricky Stebbins: Just like with people, you see somebody lying in the gutter and we don't try to pick them up anymore. We don't try to help our neighbors. We don't spread love at all. At least not in the United States. And it's sad like I feel like like Nigerians must care more about themselves and about their country than Americans do because I don't see Americans rallying together the way you guys have. And you guys should be proud of yourselves. Like this is awesome that you guys are willing to stand together and fight for something you believe in. But it's not easy. And it's going to it's going to take a little while for this to get going. Once we convince other people to start sharing their stories around the world, we're going to take the world back. But we just got to start telling stories first. Anybody else have anything to say?


00:49:53

Ricky Stebbins: Because I can talk all night
Free Fire: Thank you.
Emma Obadoni: Does anybody else have to
Ricky Stebbins: long.
Emma Obadoni: discuss?
Obinna kennedy: Listen.
Emma Obadoni: I think Mr. John is currently creating his Google
Free Fire: No
Emma Obadoni: blog.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Emma Obadoni: So I believe so by this night the rest of us the rest will create a
Free Fire: heat.
Emma Obadoni: Google blog and they will send the link and
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Emma Obadoni: everything.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'll add you guys to mine and then I'm going to have to teach you how to to create the sidebar so that we can all be connected. So you won't have to look for other people. You'll know exactly where we are. Awesome. I'm very excited to work with you guys. This is going to be a lot of fun. It's going to be a lot of stress, too. You're It's not You're going to get very angry doing this once you realize how bad the world is and how people don't want to help you.


00:50:56

Ricky Stebbins: Like, American citizens. Oh, man. I They disgusted me in ways I didn't think were possible. And these are my neighbors. Like, I thought I could count on my neighbors when times got tough. But apparently not. But we're going to show them. Especially you guys are young. You guys should by the time you guys are my age, you're already going to save the world. But we got to start now cuz we're way behind.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. So, does any anyone have any any other thing to say? Does anyone have anything to say?
Ricky Stebbins: We don't have to keep going tonight. We can talk again tomorrow because the more we do this, the easier it's going to
Emma Obadoni: I Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: get.
Emma Obadoni: I just want any of them to maybe ask a question maybe on the area they not clear or maybe on the area they are not clear on so that they can actually get more understanding on it.
Obinna kennedy: Super


00:52:17

Ricky Stebbins: Anybody?
Obinna kennedy: action.
Free Fire: Go.
Emma Obadoni: Kennedy, what are you saying? Kennedy,
Obinna kennedy: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Kennedy, what are you saying?
Obinna kennedy: I just have to look look into it again after this meeting. Then I you and I we just have more we have a private conversation about it and then know the way forward.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Okay. That is not that is no problem.
Obinna kennedy: I
Emma Obadoni: How about um Godwin?
Obinna kennedy: got
Emma Obadoni: Do you have any question?
Odah Godwin: Yes sir. I will try and create my mind. So I'm on it also. Yes sir. Yes
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Odah Godwin: sir.
Emma Obadoni: Free fire. Free fire.
Obinna kennedy: it.
Emma Obadoni: Do you have any question? Spit
Odah Godwin: So I have no question. I understand everything.
Free Fire: No sir,
Odah Godwin: So if there's any any feedback I just get back to Emma so that you can help me get back to him
Emma Obadoni: fire.
Free Fire: I'm working on


00:53:33

Odah Godwin: also.
Emma Obadoni: Okay, I can hear you.
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear everyone.
Emma Obadoni: So um Mr. Ricky can hear me.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: So um you can see we are getting people in touch. We are getting people to start sharing your story and you need to start step by step and I believe step by step we are moving because to just like what I've said before to build a to build a mansion is not something they would complete it one day but step by step and you can see it was just a story that started you me later soon to join and later we now have about five people joining now so that shows where we are actually making progress. Yes. And each and everyone in this this meeting is actually serious on this project and yeah and all of them are young. All of us are young and um they're dedicated to it and because as far you are living in Nigeria you have many stories to share from the cor and some lack of um maybe social medies.


00:54:51

Emma Obadoni: um low uh you talk about low unemployment rate um high unemployment rate the rest so talk about insecurity and the rest so I
Obinna kennedy: That's a
Emma Obadoni: believe this project is a come to reality why everyone of us keep on sharing their stories
Obinna kennedy: great
Emma Obadoni: and uploading to the world so and and if any of them and if any of them have something something they need maybe maybe something they need maybe they And maybe they have maybe they want to get a mic or maybe to get maybe an an internet subscription. Maybe they want to get an internet subscriptions which which we which will
Obinna kennedy: Just
Emma Obadoni: enable them to uh post more.
Obinna kennedy: another
Emma Obadoni: We can actually we can actually cover that sir because um because one of the things I'm actually looking forward is a way they can actually um get maybe a little bit of um sub subsidize on their internet connection and yes because
Ricky Stebbins: I have something for this. In the United States, and this might take us a couple months if we do this, but in the United States, if we apply for a nonprofit and we get United States grants, we'll get free money that we'll never have to pay back and we can use this for this.


00:56:21

Ricky Stebbins: As long as we're serious about what we're doing and we prove that what we're doing works and we're helping people, we can get free money and I can just have it sent to you guys to show for the work because we already have the work. But I'm going to have to talk to you about that because this is not something that I can just do it overnight. But we'll have to get STO in on this because he's a lawyer and I already talked to AI about starting a nonprofit that works across continents. But you guys know 100% what's going on. So you're never left in the dark.
Free Fire: I've succeeded in opening my own Google blog. I've succeeded in opening
Ricky Stebbins: All
Free Fire: it.
Ricky Stebbins: right. Some of the connections a little
Emma Obadoni: don't have subscription and okay like as I was saying I don't
Ricky Stebbins: rough.
Emma Obadoni: want a situation where Um, Mr. Wick, can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear you.
Emma Obadoni: So, I a situation where any of them will say maybe they don't have an internet connection.


00:57:37

Emma Obadoni: So, so, so we try to look forward on how to overcome that problem with them. So, that's the personal discussion I'll have with you and the rest. And if any of them and if any of them have any other more question to say something. John, do you have anything to
John Egwakhide Unuane: Nothing for now.
Emma Obadoni: say?
John Egwakhide Unuane: Nothing for now. I'll reach out um if I have issues.
Ricky Stebbins: This might work easier if we plan it all publicly.
Obinna kennedy: Oops.
Ricky Stebbins: Like if we start a nonprofit, we can plan it all on Google Blogger in front of the world. Because there's nothing that I do that's a secret. I'm never going to do something behind somebody's back and then not talk about it. I talk about everything. If I make a mistake, oh well, I'll admit to it. I don't have a problem with that. And people hate that in the United States. Everybody loves to lie and just hide problems and try to forget about them.


00:58:46

Ricky Stebbins: And I love to talk about everything. So yeah, I mean, we don't have to keep going tonight. Once we get back here tomorrow, we can see where everybody's at, who has problems, and you can reach out to me. I'm around all day long. I just I'm not on Google Blogger all day long, but I can answer questions and help
Emma Obadoni: um so so I believe
Ricky Stebbins: people
Emma Obadoni: currently now two people two people has already reached out to me they have they have open a Google blog so so we are moving so two has already reached out to me. So, do any other person have a question so that we can call it a day so that they can go and sleep because most of them still have work to go to tomorrow. Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: I think everybody's all
Emma Obadoni: Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: set.
Emma Obadoni: Uh okay. In the absence of that um maybe we can call it a day.
Ricky Stebbins: All right, guys. Have a great
Emma Obadoni: Does anyone have questions?
Ricky Stebbins: night.
Emma Obadoni: Have a good night.
Ricky Stebbins: If you have any questions,
Emma Obadoni: Goodbye.
Ricky Stebbins: you guys can email me or send me texts on X. That's totally
Emma Obadoni: Okay,
Free Fire: Bye.
Emma Obadoni: Mr.
Ricky Stebbins: fine.
Emma Obadoni: Right now, send a test on X right now. Immedately after this meeting, I'll send you a test on X.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Perfect.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Good night.
Ricky Stebbins: And have a great night everyone.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Good night, guys.
Ricky Stebbins: Good night. And I look forward to working with you
Emma Obadoni: Have a good night.
Ricky Stebbins: all.
Free Fire: Good night
Odah Godwin: All right. Good night. Good night.
Free Fire: everyone.
Ricky Stebbins: Goodbye.
Emma Obadoni: Goodbye.


Transcription ended after 01:02:17

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
