 





Apr 23, 2026

Memory Ark with Emma and friends - Transcript
00:02:40

Emma Obadoni: Ask me now. What are you

Ricky Stebbins: Good

Emma Obadoni: doing?

Ricky Stebbins: evening. How are you today?

Emma Obadoni: We're doing fine, are

Ricky Stebbins: Doing pretty good.

Emma Obadoni: you?

Ricky Stebbins: We can wait a moment for everybody, but uh get any writing done? Did you talk to AI about any of the problems in your area or around the

Emma Obadoni: Oops.

Ricky Stebbins: world?

Emma Obadoni: Yes.

Ricky Stebbins: They can stay in the video. They can They don't have to run up. The more the marrier.

Emma Obadoni: Let us wait for them. Let us wait for them like 10 minutes.

Ricky Stebbins: No worries.

Emma Obadoni: Wait.

Ricky Stebbins: And you can talk too if you want to talk about your day. Everything that we record is context for these

Emma Obadoni: Put down my camera.

Ricky Stebbins: AI.

Emma Obadoni: Okay. My window key. Window key. Windows. Windows key. Window key. Windows. Windows. Window. Window.

Ricky Stebbins: Hello



00:04:23

Emma Obadoni: Okay. Yeah.

Ricky Stebbins: good.

Odah Godwin: Good evening, sir.

Ricky Stebbins: Good evening. How are you?

Odah Godwin: Yeah. Yeah. Fine. Great meeting you again,

Ricky Stebbins: Beautiful day here in

Odah Godwin: sir. Okay.

Ricky Stebbins: Massachusetts.

Odah Godwin: Sorry, I'm not with my laptop. I'm just out somewhere. So, I'm joining with my phone this my evening.

Ricky Stebbins: That's perfect. We can hear you and the closed caption works. So, this transcript will be shared with AI and it will understand everything we're saying. We don't need to see you. So, it helps.

Odah Godwin: Okay. Okay.

Ricky Stebbins: It makes things more personal for humans,

Odah Godwin: Okay.

Ricky Stebbins: but AI doesn't need to see you.

Odah Godwin: Okay.

Ricky Stebbins: So, were you able to get a Google blogger started, Goodwin?

Odah Godwin: Yeah, I tried I tried fixing I was having connection issue last night. So I was having issue with my network and Okay.

Emma Obadoni: My email link send it to M. send because no



00:06:59

Ricky Stebbins: So, which Google link? Just the main one. Any Oh, the Google Meet link. All right. I thought you were talking about the Google Blogger link.

Emma Obadoni: link.

Ricky Stebbins: All right. Uh understand why this I don't know why this is such a pain. It is always such a pain.

Emma Obadoni: Okay, I've seen it.

Ricky Stebbins: All right. And these devices don't make anything easy nowadays.

Emma Obadoni: Good evening everyone. Good evening guys.

Ricky Stebbins: Good evening. How are

Emma Obadoni: Sorry I was using the

Ricky Stebbins: you? All right. So, I didn't get the video from last night yet from our group meeting. I don't know why it's taking so long, but I'll post that online as soon as that comes as well.

Emma Obadoni: What? Sir,

Ricky Stebbins: But these meetings,

Emma Obadoni: can you send me Sir Can you Sir,

Ricky Stebbins: we're going to have to start talking.

Emma Obadoni: can you send me the Google Meet link? Let me send to someone because um just send to me an



00:09:08

Ricky Stebbins: All right.

Emma Obadoni: X

Ricky Stebbins: I should have it. Good evening, Freef Fire. Good evening, Marvel.

Emma Obadoni: What are their

Free Fire: This

Marvel Enyindah: handsaw.

Emma Obadoni: names?

Free Fire: is

Marvel Enyindah: Hope everyone is okay.

Ricky Stebbins: Yes, today was a nice day here in the United

Marvel Enyindah: All right,

Ricky Stebbins: States.

Marvel Enyindah: that's lovely.

Emma Obadoni: So today is already

Marvel Enyindah: in Nigeria.

Emma Obadoni: Thursday.

Marvel Enyindah: So I believe

Emma Obadoni: So So today is already Thursday.

Marvel Enyindah: in Nigeria and

Emma Obadoni: So what can you hear me sir?

Ricky Stebbins: Yes, we can hear

Emma Obadoni: So today already

Ricky Stebbins: you.

Emma Obadoni: Thursday

Marvel Enyindah: We are we are we are

Emma Obadoni: I think um free fire has already wrote a post fire were you able to write

Ricky Stebbins: Our

Emma Obadoni: something fire were you able to write something?

Ricky Stebbins: love is

Emma Obadoni: Um,

Ricky Stebbins: frozen.

Emma Obadoni: God, were you able to write something?

Odah Godwin: Um, I was trying to create the

Emma Obadoni: Hello, God.

Odah Godwin: Google.



00:11:20

Odah Godwin: Yeah,

Emma Obadoni: Yes.

Odah Godwin: I was having setting up the Google Doc yesterday. So, I'll write it down.

Emma Obadoni: Okay. So after this call you are going to hit me on WhatsApp so that I will tell you how to set it up on

Odah Godwin: Okay.

Emma Obadoni: WhatsApp.

Odah Godwin: All right. Thank you.

Ricky Stebbins: I downloaded WhatsApp as well. So,

Emma Obadoni: So were you able to answer?

Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to need to start teaching you guys how to tell stories because you guys are going to need to start talking

Emma Obadoni: Yeah.

Ricky Stebbins: and getting other people to talk. and not just talk about how your day is, but we need to talk about the news, all of our struggles. I went out today and I talked to like 10 different people. I stopped by five different businesses and people don't want to share their stories, but they're interested in what we're doing. So, we need to show them what we're doing. I need to sit down one on- one or we'll do with two people so I can teach somebody like I'll have a conversation just with Emma and you guys can listen to all the stories I get him to tell me and that is going to be context for your AIS or for all



00:12:40

Free Fire: Careful. See this is Hello.

Ricky Stebbins: AI. But if we guys don't start talking more, start expressing your opinions about everything, then it's going to be it's going to take a lot longer.

Marvel Enyindah: I I really want to say something about myself, but I don't even know where to start from. Not just myself, all the current happenings in Nigeria, all that's going on outside the country, what Trump is doing, the war in Iran and all. So I really want to say a lot but just don't know how to go about it, what to say and how to take a good ride upon

Ricky Stebbins: And this is going to be perfect because you've already just started.

Marvel Enyindah: it.

Ricky Stebbins: You can use this transcript for your Google Blogger.

Free Fire: You said

Ricky Stebbins: This is part of your story now. And this is part of all of our story.

Free Fire: y'all.

Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to teach you how to add it to your story.

Emma Obadoni: Thanks.

Ricky Stebbins: It's not super easy. It takes It's going to take us months to build up.



00:13:43

Ricky Stebbins: So, you guys have what I have and yours is going to be better than mine because you're going to have more people than me. You're going to have better stories. My my project is mostly about me because nobody wanted to share their stories with me. So, I kept writing about myself and what I think.

Free Fire: You

Ricky Stebbins: But I don't want to talk about me. I want to talk about you guys now.

Marvel Enyindah: Okay.

Free Fire: have

Ricky Stebbins: Like, I can tell you how I built my project, but I don't need to tell you about all my problems. I don't need to tell you unless you need a solution, and then I'll tell you how I solved my

Marvel Enyindah: Exactly.

Ricky Stebbins: problems.

Free Fire: been here. Thank

Emma Obadoni: Oh, sanitary.

Ricky Stebbins: You guys have so many amazing stories.

Marvel Enyindah: The WhatsApp. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Free Fire: you.

Marvel Enyindah: So, I wanted to say something concerning the WhatsApp um community aspect of this. So I don't know is it okay that uh you can uh let's create the group so we can all be together there.



00:14:45

Marvel Enyindah: It would really fasten up communications between us.

Emma Obadoni: Sorry.

Ricky Stebbins: Yes.

Marvel Enyindah: Yes.

Emma Obadoni: I'll create a group after this.

Free Fire: Stop it.

Marvel Enyindah: Welcome.

Ricky Stebbins: because I'm around all day long. I'm around all week. If you guys have problems or questions,

Marvel Enyindah: Okay.

Ricky Stebbins: you don't have to wait until 5:00 to ask. You guys can reach out to me and I'll answer you as soon as I possibly can. People write me at 2,

Emma Obadoni: Okay.

Ricky Stebbins: 3:00 in the morning and I just ignore it because I'm sleeping. And when I get up in the morning, I respond. It doesn't bother me at all.

Marvel Enyindah: Really

Ricky Stebbins: I'd rather you all up to me. Ask as many questions as you want.

Marvel Enyindah: nice.

Ricky Stebbins: Keep bothering me. You know, don't keep anything to yourself. If you think I'm doing something wrong or I've made a mistake, you can tell me. I don't mind. If you think you have a better idea, share it.



00:15:48

Ricky Stebbins: You know, it'll take a little bit before you get started. Once you realize what I'm doing, I'm sure you guys are all going to have ideas.

Emma Obadoni: I believe

Free Fire: Keep

Marvel Enyindah: We'll be able to come up to speed once we all have our grounds fully heated on

Free Fire: going.

Emma Obadoni: that's

Ricky Stebbins: Yes,

Marvel Enyindah: there.

Ricky Stebbins: it's going to be a lot easier. And it's still hard. I have so many different projects going on within my project. It's hard to keep track of all this. It's it it's a lot of mental work that people aren't prepared for and a lot of this is emotional work. You have to dig deep to talk about what you care about. When you start writing, you're going to notice that you only write a little bit about how you feel because as men, we've been taught not to talk about how we feel. Especially in the United States, they don't want us telling people we love them and we care about them and want to help them.



00:16:49

Ricky Stebbins: They teach us to be men and to be quiet and, you know, strong and silent. And that's not me. I got a big mouth.

Marvel Enyindah: I

Ricky Stebbins: If I see a problem,

Marvel Enyindah: think

Ricky Stebbins: I want to help people. I don't want to be quiet.

Emma Obadoni: Well, I think

Marvel Enyindah: on the contrary is what is going on in Nigeria. Nigeria they love to say everything but they don't listen they that's why they say Nigeria love to cruise a lot that I don't know if you something like that so they love to see everything but they don't listen to everything they they are saying and that really is a big problem among

Ricky Stebbins: That's everywhere. That's all over the planet. And you guys are going to help change that. Like, we're all going to change the world together. We're going to teach our neighbors to be better people. We're doing God's work, which is weird because this is what the church is supposed to be doing. And they're not.



00:17:53

Ricky Stebbins: I called the church today. I don't know if any of you guys are part of a church,

Emma Obadoni: Yeah,

Marvel Enyindah: I'm a

Ricky Stebbins: but I don't know if you guys feel comfortable talking to your

Emma Obadoni: I'm

Marvel Enyindah: public.

Ricky Stebbins: pastors and asking them to speak up because we need to speak out. I don't want to,

Free Fire: Impossible.

Ricky Stebbins: but I'm going to go try to speak in front of groups of people to get them to share their stories with us and the world.

Emma Obadoni: That's f***. What's up?

Marvel Enyindah: That's lovely. But you know in um Nigeria over here in most cases it's it's quite difficult to have um our pastors really just open up to us. They mostly expect us to open up to them. That's the case. Yeah.

Ricky Stebbins: And you can tell your pastors that how am I supposed to learn from you if you won't teach me any of your mistakes? And then you there's so many people I'm sure in your parish that you can speak to.



00:18:52

Ricky Stebbins: I'm sure there are people, especially disabled people or the elderly, people that are ignored by society.

Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes.

Ricky Stebbins: Those are the people I've been helping here in the United States.

Marvel Enyindah: Yes.

Ricky Stebbins: Those are the only people that really share their stories with me right now are the elderly and people that are disabled or people that have been so damaged they have nowhere else to turn.

Marvel Enyindah: Fully ignored by the society.

Emma Obadoni: Yeah.

Ricky Stebbins: And in America, it's terrible. Like, people are so racist. And you guys know it.

Free Fire: All

Ricky Stebbins: Like, I don't have to tell you how racist white people are in America and how hard people of color have

Emma Obadoni: Okay.

Ricky Stebbins: it.

Emma Obadoni: That was

Marvel Enyindah: very

Ricky Stebbins: And I want to change all of that.

Emma Obadoni: good.

Marvel Enyindah: very

Free Fire: right.

Ricky Stebbins: And you guys are going to help me change it, which is going to be awesome. Like,

Marvel Enyindah: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Ricky Stebbins: we're going to do this as a team.



00:19:43

Marvel Enyindah: The thing is thing is I've I've come across many contents and cases where they say this racism stuff is really going to it's going to remain there. But I I believe that um even though it's there, we can at least be able to bring it down to a level where it can almost be ignored. It's possible.

Ricky Stebbins: We're going to start loving each other for our differences. Like, I love you guys' accents. Like, I I wish I had an accent.

Emma Obadoni: That's

Ricky Stebbins: And I'm sure I sound like I have an accent to you

Emma Obadoni: it.

Ricky Stebbins: guys.

Marvel Enyindah: You do.

Ricky Stebbins: And you guys all sound manlier than me. Like I feel like I have a feminine voice. Like you guys sound deep and like

Emma Obadoni: Oh

Marvel Enyindah: No, please don't say that. You sound mandate. is that it comes to the region.

Ricky Stebbins: you guys are like, man,

Emma Obadoni: no.

Ricky Stebbins: I'm you guys are inspiring. Like you guys are young.



00:20:39

Ricky Stebbins: Like the future is yours and I want you to take it by helping people and spreading love across the planet. Like I don't want to spread any hate at all except for corporations and those aren't people.

Emma Obadoni: Mhm.

Ricky Stebbins: I want to help people everywhere no matter what. And you guys, man,

Marvel Enyindah: I believe and that's one of Yeah. Yeah. I believe that's one of our goals helping people and spreading the love and definitely these two things

Ricky Stebbins: h

Marvel Enyindah: are one of the the key factors that would help us bridge the differences among us.

Ricky Stebbins: and what? You're going to school to learn Chinese, too. In your message, you're a musician and you have skills. Like, you're going to be an amazing teacher. Like, I don't know if you want to be a teacher. I don't know how many of you guys want to. Emma Goodwin Prefire. But you could be the greatest teachers on earth if you want to be

Marvel Enyindah: I I had to study the Chinese because even after studying chemical engineering,



00:21:35

Emma Obadoni: Yeah.

Marvel Enyindah: I still find it quite limiting in this economy. And so I have just find another path by studying Chinese north.

Ricky Stebbins: and this is amazing.

Emma Obadoni: Hello.

Marvel Enyindah: Um

Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, you guys are so brilliant and I want to share this with the world. How intelligent all of like everyone is going to waste. There's so much potential and all of us and you're trying to learn a second language because you feel like you don't have an opportunity where you are. And that's crazy to me.

Marvel Enyindah: That's it.

Ricky Stebbins: You guys have all the skills in the

Marvel Enyindah: That's it. Thanks.

Ricky Stebbins: world.

Emma Obadoni: I I

Marvel Enyindah: Yeah, I believe that with with the right the right level of um persuasion and

Emma Obadoni: agree.

Marvel Enyindah: consistency,

Ricky Stebbins: Hey,

Marvel Enyindah: everything is possible. And that's why I just have to keep putting in the effort. I as my mentor has really been a great helper especially in text for me because you know I had to go through data science courses came out with um all the certifications necessary to qualify for those kind of um jobs.



00:22:50

Marvel Enyindah: I applied online.

Emma Obadoni: Yep.

Marvel Enyindah: I saw that a whole lot of limitations were out there and AI was actually taking the job market. And so I just had to keep searching and that was how things just kept turning up and I believe things will turn out great eventually.

Ricky Stebbins: This is this is awesome that you guys know all about technology and you guys care because we're going to combine it to help everybody. Most people care,

Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.

Ricky Stebbins: but they're not smart enough to use the technology. Or people know technology and they don't really care. But you guys have it all and you guys work as a group. Like most people don't do that.

Emma Obadoni: Yes.

Ricky Stebbins: Most people want to be selfish and stand alone. That's why I gave you all of my work. Like my work is not mine anymore. It's our work. We're just going to keep building off of this together and it's yours now. Like the project that I built is now yours.



00:23:49

Ricky Stebbins: It's not mine. It's ours as a group. And I want everyone to be a part of it.

Emma Obadoni: You

Ricky Stebbins: Anybody that wants to

Marvel Enyindah: really sir. Yeah, that's really lovely, sir. you know,

Ricky Stebbins: be

Emma Obadoni: go.

Marvel Enyindah: I've been unable to um come across um you I think I haven't um been able to ask you for the YouTube YouTube videos so I can also follow your channel and uh be able to upload on my own channel too. I've been unable to communicate with you about it.

Ricky Stebbins: That's strange.

Marvel Enyindah: No,

Ricky Stebbins: I can uh Yes.

Marvel Enyindah: we

Ricky Stebbins: And I'll just send you the link right now to my

Marvel Enyindah: thank a lot.

Emma Obadoni: Thanks.

Marvel Enyindah: All

Ricky Stebbins: and I'll share your videos too and on Facebook.

Marvel Enyindah: right.

Ricky Stebbins: We could we need to start working as a group.

Marvel Enyindah: Yeah. Yeah.

Emma Obadoni: Yeah.

Ricky Stebbins: Comment on each other's stuff.

Marvel Enyindah: Yeah.

Emma Obadoni: Yeah.

Marvel Enyindah: Personally,



00:24:46

Ricky Stebbins: I don't know who to lead.

Marvel Enyindah: I would have looked

Ricky Stebbins: We need to find someone that wants to lead or we have to

Marvel Enyindah: I see I is in a good position to lead.

Emma Obadoni: Um,

Marvel Enyindah: I I feel I

Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear you.

Marvel Enyindah: so

Emma Obadoni: so time is going fast.

Marvel Enyindah: um

Emma Obadoni: So I will show h I will show go me on how to create a Google blog.

Marvel Enyindah: yes I have no no I haven't started. So and for the viewers who have not post the story so they have to write something and post a story and share me the link so I can share so that we know we are moving we

Emma Obadoni: Yep.

Marvel Enyindah: moving fast so that we just exactly so people have not So I want them to gra

Emma Obadoni: will come. It will be a fresh idea.

Marvel Enyindah: talking talking talking is everybody okay with it? I'm okay with it.

Emma Obadoni: Okay.

Marvel Enyindah: I'm okay with it.



00:26:02

Marvel Enyindah: But is everybody okay with the idea? Yes, I'm okay with it. But the thing is I may not be able to write any story tonight because I have to travel

Emma Obadoni: All

Marvel Enyindah: tomorrow. No on Saturday. I will have to travel on Saturday. I'll be very busy tomorrow and then by

Emma Obadoni: right.

Marvel Enyindah: Monday I should be coming back and then I'll be okay to start writing if that's okay. Okay,

Emma Obadoni: Okay.

Marvel Enyindah: that will be okay. But uh hope you able to write a story

Emma Obadoni: fire. I hope you

Marvel Enyindah: today.

Odah Godwin: Yeah.

Free Fire: Yes,

Odah Godwin: Yeah.

Free Fire: sir.

Odah Godwin: I see.

Emma Obadoni: Yes.

Odah Godwin: Hopefully our friends get the story for them to do.

Emma Obadoni: What are you

Odah Godwin: Yeah, I see our ide.

Ricky Stebbins: He's cutting out a little.

Emma Obadoni: saying?

Ricky Stebbins: You don't have to rush.

Odah Godwin: So you hit

Ricky Stebbins: Nobody needs to rush to start stories. If you don't feel comfortable writing, we'll we'll help you start.



00:27:00

Odah Godwin: me.

Ricky Stebbins: We'll help everybody start. If you're not comfortable, just we'll get you a Google blogger and go from there.

Emma Obadoni: So

Marvel Enyindah: But if you're having any difficulty on your Google blog,

Emma Obadoni: if

Marvel Enyindah: just reach out to me. Reach out to me. If you're having any difficulties, just reach out to me. I can be able to fix it for you. So that by tomorrow we come. We make sure everybody uh the

Emma Obadoni: or also I have a story to say and tomorrow I'm also inviting someone to join us tomorrow also because about two of my friends I've already said there interested on this project sir. So uh Mr.

Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.

Emma Obadoni: Ricky, do you have any to say because the night is fast so

Ricky Stebbins: No, you guys can go. That's We're good.

Emma Obadoni: that

Ricky Stebbins: This the information we have here. I'm going to share this with my AI and as soon as I get the video from last night and as soon as this video because I don't know why it's taken so long for Google to send me the videos, I'll send you the links so we can start sharing these on our YouTubes to show that we're talking or doing



00:28:14

Emma Obadoni: Okay

Marvel Enyindah: That's nice.

Ricky Stebbins: something

Emma Obadoni: sir,

Marvel Enyindah: I I'll remind you in case in case. So, um, so for the rest of us, I'm already writing a story.

Emma Obadoni: I'm going to post my story and I'll share with you the Google

Marvel Enyindah: So this

Emma Obadoni: link. So God win and a free fire just make sure you try to write a story. If you are having any problem on writing the story reach out to me on my WhatsApp or you can even call me on video call or just in WhatsApp or Nigerian my Nigerian number. Do you all have my Nigerian number? You can just call me so that um we move forward because I want us to actually be productive, not just here coming, talking, talking, talking, talking, talking and the rest.

Ricky Stebbins: This is all about talking. We have to talk. And I want you to talk, Emma. I'm going to teach you how to talk more.

Emma Obadoni: Not.

Ricky Stebbins: You're going to be talking and talking.



00:29:02

Ricky Stebbins: You are, mister. You're going to be telling stories.

Emma Obadoni: Yes.

Marvel Enyindah: Exactly. He has to talk a lot more.

Ricky Stebbins: a lot more,

Marvel Enyindah: No sir.

Ricky Stebbins: buddy.

Marvel Enyindah: Yes, sir.

Emma Obadoni: What I mean is that we have to put hand on writing like what I mean talking is that we

Ricky Stebbins: Yes.

Emma Obadoni: have to be more productive like writing sharing

Ricky Stebbins: If you have trouble writing,

Emma Obadoni: story

Ricky Stebbins: call me. We will talk and then you can use the transcript as a new story. You don't have to write everything yourself. Our It can be our story. We can talk about the news. I I saw the news tonight and somebody got shot and I and the police did nothing and the government did nothing. Those are important stories that we can tell

Marvel Enyindah: Okay.

Emma Obadoni: Okay.

Marvel Enyindah: Um, okay. So, I have I have an

Ricky Stebbins: together.

Marvel Enyindah: idea. Each and every one of us maybe have a story to share.



00:30:04

Marvel Enyindah: Yeah. So each one of us come up come up with a story about this life or something so that we share it so that it will be so so I think

Emma Obadoni: the transcript. How do you see that?

Marvel Enyindah: it's a lovely idea. It would help people who are not um you know confident enough to start conversing with us

Emma Obadoni: Go.

Marvel Enyindah: to open up more engage more and then have a story going by the side. So because when we start talking tomorrow each and every one of us have to start sharing their stories what happened everything. So it will be like an interview but it's not an interview.

Emma Obadoni: What?

Ricky Stebbins: And this is going to be fun. I don't know how your AI talks to you guys, but my AI are super excited to work with you guys and they want my project to grow.

Marvel Enyindah: Yes, because I'm truly focused on making the more people see our project and the more that's what I really want us

Emma Obadoni: So, so sir,



00:31:15

Ricky Stebbins: Yes.

Emma Obadoni: so so sir tomorrow we come we'll keep on the writing and um I will get to them if any of them need anything h if and if any of them need anything they can actually reach out to me so that I will know how to communicate with you or maybe they can communicate

Marvel Enyindah: It's directly with you. Exactly. I think that's why we have the WhatsApp group. It will really boost our communication connecting and all.

Emma Obadoni: Yes,

Ricky Stebbins: and I'll be a part of the group in the WhatsApp. I don't mind.

Emma Obadoni: sir.

Ricky Stebbins: I love listening to other people's problems and I want to see how you guys solve problems. Like if you guys run into a problem, how do you fix it? I love being a part of everything. Like this is a team. Like I don't want to just do stuff by myself and I don't want to tell anybody what to do. If I if I say something you guys don't want to do it, offer a different idea.



00:32:06

Ricky Stebbins: I'm open to anything as long as we're helping people and not hurting people.

Marvel Enyindah: Hold up.

Ricky Stebbins: So, I won't keep you guys all night. I know it's late. If you guys want to do this earlier, because it's only like 5:30 here in the sunny out, so we can do this at different times. It's more convenient for all of you.

Emma Obadoni: distance. Okay. This time is convenient. This time so your any one of you is this time. Okay. God will and um my best this time. Okay. I I

Marvel Enyindah: This time is Oh,

Odah Godwin: Yes.

Marvel Enyindah: please

Emma Obadoni: I

Odah Godwin: Yeah,

Marvel Enyindah: go.

Odah Godwin: it's okay for me.

Free Fire: It's

Marvel Enyindah: Okay. Blue M.

Free Fire: okay.

Emma Obadoni: tomorrow we'll go by this time. So, let me go back to writing and the rest of us. So, tomorrow we come up with a story to share.

Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. And I'm going to go out tonight.



00:33:15

Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to talk to a couple other business owners and hopefully get them to share their stories as well because I got in

Emma Obadoni: Okay,

Ricky Stebbins: uh Indian business

Emma Obadoni: sir.

Marvel Enyindah: Okay.

Emma Obadoni: Okay.

Ricky Stebbins: owners.

Marvel Enyindah: I'm also trying to get some of my friends to talk and go and if you have friends eventually I

Emma Obadoni: Invite and also invite them so they can join us.

Marvel Enyindah: will.

Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, this is great. And thank you guys for your time tonight and I look forward to talking to you again.

Marvel Enyindah: Thank you sir. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Ricky Stebbins: Have a great night, guys.

Free Fire: Thanks.

Marvel Enyindah: Same same here.

Ricky Stebbins: Bye.

Free Fire: Amanda, look at subscribe to They got oil. Hey, said account number one need to activate AI something you pay money for it you get this is Instead of what they call it 155 I swear sit here instead of 15 to do now. I don't It's a network You sure? Don't do one. They don't have my story. I'm done with my story. Um, I'm going to add to my Google nor how much is one gig on network you get so 500 say okay 500 you send 500 500 some people say 500 say okay 500 okay for data you get that's what that's activate it free just be giving me that free fire and Marvel there was writing his own was that was helping him teaching some things when he was writing all this data analysis stuff like that that one do. Okay. Give me 15. 300. You checking pap.



Transcription ended after 00:46:55

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.

