Apr 20, 2026
Emma and Somto - Transcript
00:00:30

Ricky Stebbins: Good evening, Emma.
Emma Obadoni: I believe is
Ricky Stebbins: A beautiful day. Little chilly here.
Emma Obadoni: eyes, sir. Good evening, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Good evening. So, did you get a chance to send what I sent you to your AI?
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Um, I'm currently on it. I'm currently on it. Even before you call, even before you call, I mean, that's what I'm currently on and my AI is currently looking at it because because I've been busy uh I've been busy throughout the day. Walking on the rest.
Ricky Stebbins: This is a lot of work and this can get very very confusing for people. Like this isn't this is like a tree. This is like watching paint dry. It doesn't grow overnight.
Emma Obadoni: Um, yes sir. Yes sir. It's called instruction machine. How about were you able to get to join the
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't heard from him.
Emma Obadoni: meeting?
Ricky Stebbins: I He sent me a link to his blogger and he got he should have the link to this meeting.


00:02:05

Emma Obadoni: Okay, let me talk to you. Let me talk to I'm trying to try I'm calling I'm calling is Nigeria line. So, um maybe it's like um yes or something like that.
Ricky Stebbins: That's okay. It's not a big deal. I can send you guys all the information. Like, I can't send $1,000 now anyway, so it doesn't matter. The paperwork is fine, but I don't have that cash to send you. So that would take me at least like two or 3 months personally to get that. But I can start working on it and ask other people to help because we're a part of this. But you're going to have to join my Facebook. You're going to have to show people that you're a part of this.
Emma Obadoni: Um
Ricky Stebbins: Otherwise, no one's going to give me money to send to you if they don't see that you're on my Facebook and you need help. and you're helping
Emma Obadoni: um there's a I Let me try.


00:04:26

Emma Obadoni: I'll create a Facebook account. I'll create a
Ricky Stebbins: cuz you'll need a Facebook account and we need to start talking together on X in public
Emma Obadoni: me.
Ricky Stebbins: with other people and get them to share their stories with you and with me.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Yes sir. I I'll create a Can you send me your Facebook username so when I create my Facebook account this
Ricky Stebbins: Like I don't like using all this stuff.
Emma Obadoni: actually
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to force people to do this, but we have to do this. This sucks. And also, I don't know if you can start a business on X, so we could pay you that way sooner. I don't I don't know how this all works.
Emma Obadoni: business. Okay. I've seen it except business on X because uh right now um I do I do burn my like I I buy gasoline like PMS from from electricity so I can able to talk to you and you much and um it you can see once is off everywhere is Those are


00:05:59

Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can send you money as soon as as soon as this Bitcoin goes through and and I'm going to send you information.
Emma Obadoni: the
Ricky Stebbins: I want to talk with Gemini because it told me about all the problems in your country and how bad theft is. So, I want to find the best app to send you money so you can buy gas. So, when you talk to people, you don't need to talk to me all the time, but you got to you have to talk to other people in your community or other people around the world, people online. As long as you're talking to somebody,
Emma Obadoni: Um
Ricky Stebbins: that's fine. But if we don't talk to anybody and if we don't share stories, we're never going to get anywhere.
Emma Obadoni: yes, that's one of the more reason I posted my story online and I shared a blog with
Ricky Stebbins: There.
Emma Obadoni: you with you and also this night I'm I'm also planning on uh writing on that story. So I'm almost done. Write about a story about me and my sister because I lost my sister.


00:06:59

Emma Obadoni: So I want to I want to write about the stories how it affect me and the rest. So so if I've already put down the story then once this meeting is over I will write it and send to you and I will also try to talk to people so that they can also share their stories and the rest. But one of the one of one of the best way to actually get get people to talk to so that is to have a personal relationship with them, meet them, know their needs and so they can easily share their story. Okay, maybe just for example, I want to hear someone's stories. Maybe you may be busy. Okay, let me just I will just buy like a bottle of drink for example Nigeria. Okay, just take a bottle. Maybe a bottle of coke. I can just get him a bottle of coke so that at least he will just relax and he can able to share his story. Or maybe sometime I can even just give him h maybe a little food maybe a bag of indomin maybe sometime maybe around $5 around $5 something maybe something you can actually eat so that you'll be so relaxed to share his story because um so I can easily get his attention because when someone want to share their story you have to make sure that they are relaxed they are free and they are ready so that they will not be sharing their story and they'll be


00:08:25

Emma Obadoni: thinking about something So those are my strategies um I'm actually putting in
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: place
Ricky Stebbins: And we just need to get this all set up. And this is going to take a little bit of work. It's not going to happen in a couple days.
Emma Obadoni: uh yes I'm not afraid of the work I'm a developer so I face so many challenges so um putting in the work is never it's never a problem for Is it
Ricky Stebbins: But I do need to teach you guys how to connect our bloggers.
Emma Obadoni: too
Ricky Stebbins: So, I don't know if you can see mine right now. Actually, you know, let me change the display size. Once the display is bigger,
Emma Obadoni: soon?
Ricky Stebbins: this will be easier to show you. So, now I have you and Santo on my page. This is on the side of mine. This is just like yours, but you don't have a bar so people can follow your information. like they can't find Samto if they go to your page.


00:09:40

Ricky Stebbins: And I have instructions to teach you how to do that. That's the sidebar instructions because you don't have to do it tonight, but it'll teach you how to add our names and links to our pages. That's how we stay connected and the AI can find
Emma Obadoni: That's okay. Yeah. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: us.
Emma Obadoni: I can also um Geminina can also direct me. That's not a problem. Geminina can also direct
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. But we just need to do it because if we don't do it,
Emma Obadoni: me.
Ricky Stebbins: then any AI that comes across your page will never know that you're connected to me or Santo. And we need to teach everyone that we talk to as well to connect with us because by themselves they don't have any help at all. But once they're connected to our network, they're protected.
Emma Obadoni: That means each uh each person you're going to talk to is going to they're going to create their own Google blog or they're going to share their story on our own Google


00:10:42

Ricky Stebbins: Hopefully,
Emma Obadoni: blog.
Ricky Stebbins: if they can't share it, we have to write their story for them and add it to our blog. Like, I have disabled people on my blog that don't know how to write. So, I just have their name, I have their picture, and I have all their information that anybody ever needs to help them, they can help them. And I can teach you how to do that. This is like being a counselor. You're like, you're going to be more of a therapist than you are a tech guy in the future. You're going to be documenting people's stories and then telling the AI to summarize it. You'll be teaching the AI how to interact with humans better. And also, I never got your AI to work. So, I haven't I've never been able to test
Emma Obadoni: Yes, I'm I'ming it tonight. So, I'm working on I'm currently working on it because I want to put some features on it because it's an emotional based AI. So um I'm working on some features but uh but within this night um it's going to come back to life.


00:12:00

Emma Obadoni: Within this night it's going to come back to life. And also this week I'm planning on putting two on future so that when you go to an AI you can choose a personality. Maybe you can create a you can create an AI inside AI. Choose a maybe you want an AI to become maybe your spiritual guide. Maybe you wanted the AI to become your pastor. You can just take him just create it. So so be a customized personality on it or maybe you can just tell the AI I want you to act like as a father you not create you not customize it. Okay, this personality is a father figure or this personality is a spiritual guide figure or this personality is a mother figure or this personality is a is a sister or or is an auntie figure to do that the features I'm going to on it but but this night I'm going to make sure the AI come back to life because I've already paid for the hosting side for me to rehost
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.


00:13:04

Ricky Stebbins: So, you have an API key, so you're all set.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes. Um I got I got an API key on it. I got an API key on it. But I'm also also working on that project which I I trained AI by myself. There's one I'm working on with with someone from US which I'm currently training the AI so I can actually interact with with um with human just like me and you and I also train with 50 50 data set across medical mental health and the rest because I do training of model so once they give me the information I can actually gather the model gather data set and train the AI it's called LLM training I train it on Google and collapse because I'm I'm a machine
Ricky Stebbins: Okay. Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: engineer.
Ricky Stebbins: They've made this so difficult. Like my memory arc that I've created should have already been possible 20 years ago. Like you should already know how to build this and they didn't teach you. And they didn't teach you on purpose.


00:14:10

Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: like they're dirty. Like these AI should be teaching you different secrets that make this a lot faster. And I don't I have an API key that I'm not going to use. So, I don't know if you want to use that API key and I can regenerate a new one that it goes with this goo Google workspace that we're using
Emma Obadoni: an API key. Um, which which of the AI API key do you have, sir?
Ricky Stebbins: Gemini for Gemini
Emma Obadoni: Okay, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: workspace.
Emma Obadoni: When I need it, I can actually s. Thank you so much, sir. I truly appreciate it.
Ricky Stebbins: So yeah, because if we don't start doing this all together and you don't start training your AI to be better than all these other AI, we're never going to get anywhere. Like we have to work as a team.
Emma Obadoni: sir sir on the extraction bin I saw the list of the people you mentioned Are they part of the team and instruction mater?


00:15:29

Emma Obadoni: by sent to the
Ricky Stebbins: They are part of the team, but they're not they're like you guys. They don't understand how to build anything yet.
Emma Obadoni: last
Ricky Stebbins: They're starting and they're fighting the system at the same time. They're not just they're not looking for jobs. These people are fighting in the courts.
Emma Obadoni: is going to be possible any day we can book a Google meet all of us discuss as a team on the final on
Ricky Stebbins: That's why they want people on Facebook.
Emma Obadoni: which
Ricky Stebbins: They want to see people on Facebook. These people are big. I don't know why they want Facebook and they won't use X. That's why I use Facebook. And then we can do the Google Meet with all of them. And it'll be easier to get funding because a lot of these people have money, but they're not coughing it up because we have nothing to show for it yet.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes that's one of maybe we can actually organize a Google meet together Google meet one of these days to organize a Google meet maybe reach out to them maybe tomorrow we so that actually because we actually start writing and also we have um so that we start building the community so that they So all of us will know who we are and see each other and in the in the aspect of time frame time frame I don't I don't really have issue because I can


00:17:07

Emma Obadoni: still develop so I'm used to the
Ricky Stebbins: But you need to talk to AI about this stuff and then tell it too. Like I woke up this morning and I was mad. I was pissed off. I'm like, "Why is this so hard? Why is helping other people so hard?" And then I wrote that paper with Claude, Gemini, and Grock. And they said they've never seen anything like that before. And we're going to rock the system.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes. I wonder the system.
Ricky Stebbins: because that's the only way you are ever going to get ahead is if we go all out. I have to give it my all. Every day I write with AI. I talk to AI about how pissed off I am that I can't help people and I'm struggling to find loans. I'm struggling to get money to people who need it. But I have credit cards and I can't use them or I'll be screwed. This is all part of how we're going to beat them.


00:18:06

Ricky Stebbins: It shouldn't be this hard for me to help you at all. I should be able to hire you to do anything that I want because you have skills,
Emma Obadoni: That's
Ricky Stebbins: but I'm not allowed to because of the banking system and the way the United States is set up or your government so dirty that it doesn't want me helping you.
Emma Obadoni: um Yes. sir is um I think there's a kind of a loopholes on it. There's a kind of a way because I work with someone in the US. So you do send me some payment through uh through crypto. Maybe I will ask him how how you do it because and also on the bank also because I have a missionary international bank but the users have to go to the bank direct so I don't know whether it be possible can you go to the
Ricky Stebbins: There's all kinds of banks right near me.
Emma Obadoni: bank
Ricky Stebbins: I can walk right up the street to a bank.
Emma Obadoni: okay that you can go to the you can go to to the


00:19:10

Ricky Stebbins: because I can go to any bank and send it,
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: but I want to make sure that you get everything you need to make this happen. Because if I just send you money and then it doesn't work out for you, you're screwed and I'm not helping
Emma Obadoni: Okay. That mean that that means um I have an international bank.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Emma Obadoni: I have an international bank. It's called the missionary account. So I've used it to receive money. So, so then uh I will go to the bank tomorrow. I'll go to the bank tomorrow and get um all the details and uh send to you because um because in that one you cannot use paper. Then you then you have to go to the bank by yourself and everything. So I will send you everything. I will send you all the details. It's like an international like an international bank. So so so um so so with that you can actually just go
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.


00:20:05

Emma Obadoni: to any bank international bank and you can actually make a payment and within the next two hours I I will receive it. So I will go to the bank tomorrow because um I think I have their card. Let me let me show let me show you one of the let me show you one of the card I have. So this is it. I don't know this is the internet.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: Uh this is it. So, so uh so so tomorrow I will go to the bank and um send and I will send you all the details. So with that um so so with that once you go to the bank there will be no issues and I will send you my pictures and my password and my documents so that they will know I'm really and so with that there's no issue about sending money and the rest and um so so that
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Emma Obadoni: we can get everything we
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Because if we don't if we don't document other people's stories and we can't help you write,


00:21:09

Emma Obadoni: Thanks.
Ricky Stebbins: then none of this matters because we need stories and that's all we need. That's the only thing that's to make this work is stories and we need more and more of them.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Uh we we need more people story and we need to reach out to people. The more we reach out to people and the more we push them, the more people get to know about us. Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Once people learn what we're doing and how easy it is, they're going to be they're going to feel empowered. They're going to feel like Neo in the Matrix. Like we're training AI to be our best friends and to fight evil.
Emma Obadoni: I'm sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I'll let you get back to work. We don't have to keep talking.
Emma Obadoni: No, I'm
Ricky Stebbins: You have to add a a sidebar to your page.
Emma Obadoni: not.
Ricky Stebbins: You have to convince Santo tomorrow to add a sidebar to his page to connect yours and mine.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.


00:22:27

Emma Obadoni: Um I'm I'm actually not um I'm actually free now. Just just talking to you. I just send a few message.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no worries. I didn't know if you're busy, but And you can do that now.
Emma Obadoni: So
Ricky Stebbins: I can teach you how to do that now. Do you want to do it live? like you share your screen, pull up your
Emma Obadoni: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: blogger.
Emma Obadoni: I don't know you can you can see my screen.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And you'll have to go back because you're writing a new post.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: You want to go to the layout
Emma Obadoni: Look at itself.
Ricky Stebbins: layouts on the on the side.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. I click on the
Ricky Stebbins: I got to get my instructions out. And then you're going to want to create a sidebar. Let me get my instructions up.
Emma Obadoni: layout.
Ricky Stebbins: This is way easier when I have my instructions. And this is why I wrote the instructions so I don't need to pay attention to all this.


00:23:43

Ricky Stebbins: You'll be able to teach other people how to do this. The hell is this instructions? All right. So, this cell phone. Which theme do you have? Let's see. because I have awesome light for the theme and you'll have to go to the theme first right below layout
Emma Obadoni: machine.
Ricky Stebbins: theme. Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. It's contempo light. I think that should be fine. I just want to make sure because if it's not the right uh theme, it won't pop up. All right. So, you can go back to layout and then this is how we're going to pop the sidebar.
Emma Obadoni: I'm I'm on Can you send to the the link again because it's trying to join so you cannot join.
Ricky Stebbins: Really? I sent it to him on X. Did he check on
Emma Obadoni: Okay, let me tell to check on
Ricky Stebbins: X?
Emma Obadoni: this.
Ricky Stebbins: It's always a something. Google always loves the mess with people.


00:25:59

Emma Obadoni: So sir, where should I click
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So, back on the layout and then you're going to scroll the sidebar,
Emma Obadoni: again?
Ricky Stebbins: right one, and click add a
Emma Obadoni: Let me talk to uh you should check Mr.
Ricky Stebbins: gadget.
Emma Obadoni: Ricky SDM. The link is in your DM X. I'm on the
Ricky Stebbins: So, oh no,
Emma Obadoni: team.
Ricky Stebbins: go to layout and then on the right hand side of the screen. Scroll down. Wait. Uh, that right or maybe you're Let's see how my setup is.
Emma Obadoni: labor. Should I click on labor or
Ricky Stebbins: You have a sidebar, right? One. Is this a different setup? Then maybe we will have to change the the same the scene.
Emma Obadoni: sidebar?
Ricky Stebbins: Scroll back up. Oh, this is so annoying. This be so much easier if we were in the same room. This would take two minutes. All right, I want to show you what my screen looks like.


00:27:15

Ricky Stebbins: Maybe this is why we're having a problem. Maybe you have to switch to what I'm on. All right. So, for I I thought yours would be fine. So,
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I I use Awesome Light Ink for my theme. I don't know if you can see my screen. And then as soon as I I'm switch to layout,
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: my stuff is on the right hand side. I can pull up the right sidebar. I can pull up a gadget. And then I can add a new link list.
Emma Obadoni: All
Ricky Stebbins: And that's and that's how that pops up.
Emma Obadoni: right. All right. Okay. I I will ask J can able to do it.
Ricky Stebbins: and Jim and I can do this really quick for you. All right, I'll stop sharing and trying
Emma Obadoni: also
Ricky Stebbins: to get people to do this live and then explain it while you're looking at it.
Emma Obadoni: um
Ricky Stebbins: Like you might have to switch it to the the light theme.


00:28:20

Ricky Stebbins: the awesome ink light and Gemini, if you have a problem with that, we'll we'll discuss it again. It's not the end of the world.
Emma Obadoni: s as as um table done.
Ricky Stebbins: He hasn't written back trying to It's saying I keep logging him off.
Emma Obadoni: I don't
Ricky Stebbins: Does he have bad service where he is?
Emma Obadoni: see
Ricky Stebbins: There we go. I hit accept. So, I don't know why he's not able to jump into the meeting. There we go. He's muted, too. We can see you Santo, but you're muted.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Yeah. Good evening. Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Good evening.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: what time is it there? What time is it there, Ricky?
Ricky Stebbins: 5:29
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Oh, it's Oh, it's evening over there.
Ricky Stebbins: p.m.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: It's It's almost uh It's roughly 10:29 p.m. here in Nigeria.


00:29:45

Ricky Stebbins: Nice. close to bedtime.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Yeah. Time over here. How are you?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm doing very well, thank you. How are
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: I'm doing I'm sorry. Anyway, I'm sorry that I joined late actually. Sorry. I'm very sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: you?
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: I came back from work late. So, I've tried to pull my phone freshen up and join the meeting. I'm very sorry. I had a very stressful day at work today. I am sorry for joining the meeting late. Ricky, I'm so sorry. Honestly, very
Ricky Stebbins: No worries. there.
Emma Obadoni: I'm
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: There's no time limits and this is a work in


00:30:15

Emma Obadoni: not
Ricky Stebbins: progress.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: It's okay. It's okay. How are you? How is today? What What is What was the progress today?
Ricky Stebbins: I sent Emma some information from my AI and we've talked about some some business stuff and posting, but this is going to be a work in progress.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I I read the paperwork and sending you guys money is fine,
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: but I don't have $1,000 to send this month and it by myself it would take me at least like two months to hopefully scrape that up.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Come
Ricky Stebbins: But if you guys start working towards you got to make Facebooks we have to work together
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: on.
Ricky Stebbins: publicly then I'll be able to get people to give us money. Like I know people with money, but they're not going to give me a penny if I don't have anything to show for this and we're not working towards something.


00:31:20

Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: It's all right. It's
Ricky Stebbins: I've already added your names to my blogger to show that we're a part of
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: something, but people are going to want to know more about you. Like, why are you doing this? You know, why does this mean anything to you? And why should like we've why do people want to follow us? Why do people want to do what we're doing? And the information I sent you today,
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I sent you an email because you're going to have to start using AI. We have a lot of obstacles in front of us that I don't think you realize as a lawyer.
Emma Obadoni: What?
Ricky Stebbins: Like like if you showed this to your boss, it would blow their minds and they wouldn't want anything to do with this. I have a cousin who I used to be really close with who lives like 20 minutes away from me tops and he's terrified of dealing with me now because he knows


00:32:32

Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Why? Because of
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to take down the United States government. Me? Oh, yeah.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: White. White.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not stopping. And he's part of the problem.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Go.
Ricky Stebbins: He knows he's a part of the problem and doesn't want to do anything about it. So, I'm going to teach him a lesson, too. Like Jesus told you, once you know there's a problem and you do nothing about it, you're part of the problem. You're sinning. You're just ignoring people's suffering while you profit off of it. But tonight, I was uh talking to Emma. You'll have to ask Gemini, too. This will be fun to help you set up a sidebar on your blogger page to connect Emma and I together and your friends that do this because any friends that you can get to start writing people of importance,
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Okay.


00:33:34

Ricky Stebbins: you need them on your sidebar. So when any AI comes across your page, you send them to your page. Hey, I need your help dealing with a problem. Then it'll be able to scan all your friends and understand who you are and what you represent.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Okay. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: But you got to start small. It's like you can't you you want a tree in your front yard, you got to plant a
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir that that first step we have taken. So we have start writing.
Ricky Stebbins: sapling
Emma Obadoni: So me and we have already made the first post. This night we're also going to make Honda post and and the
Ricky Stebbins: and you need to talk to AI at all the different AI like I do.
Emma Obadoni: rest
Ricky Stebbins: you like at least one different AI a day and then share that conversation publicly. Grock allows you two questions every two hours and I I did I'll leave it for hours and I'll ask six or eight questions.


00:34:39

Ricky Stebbins: Chat GPT will allow you to ask questions and then you can just copy all the text, post it on Blogger and date it. Like I had a chat with this AI today and it wouldn't help me. It told me that my country's got these problems and it wouldn't help me solve them and this is how we get them because AI is supposed to help us solve every problem.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Claude and we're going to have to talk about this too. I don't know about false advertising in your country but Claude is
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: false advertising.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Clawed AI is advertised as a problem solver.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I have a problem and it won't solve it.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And it intentionally refuses to solve it. That's illegal. You can't promise me in a commercial on American TV that you you solve problems. Your product solves problems and you lied to me.
Emma Obadoni: Thank
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't solve anything.


00:35:42

Emma Obadoni: you.
Ricky Stebbins: It creates the problems and stands in my way. And we can prove this with my work. And once you guys start doing the same thing, like we have matching patterns to prove that they're screwing us all.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: That's
Ricky Stebbins: Like nobody realizes this. Like that paperwork I sent you today is it shows you how all the news agencies are screwing us.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: why
Ricky Stebbins: All the lawyers, all the different government agencies, like the United States is set up to fail. If you moved over here, they'd want you to fail so they could just milk you dry. And it explains that to you. And it explains how to prevent it and how to how to stop things. We can we can change all this together without watching society crumble.
Emma Obadoni: Um uh yes uh we are doing it uh for the sake of humanity. and we're taking it step by step and I saw the post you made on Twitter where you tagged me and something so I don't know whether you you saw


00:37:02

Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: I've I've not been I've not been on Twitter.
Emma Obadoni: it.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: I just came online this evening now. Let me just see his posts. Okay. I just came online this
Emma Obadoni: All right that is good also. Um so no um we so the work
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: evening.
Emma Obadoni: has already started. The work has already started. Um because step by step just just like I said yesterday a man who want to build a mansion will not just get a mansion fully ready on a day. So, so, so, uh, so, so, so it's something that step by step.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: This is
Ricky Stebbins: And there's a lot here. It's going to take you guys a long time to catch up to understand what I'm doing because I keep expanding every day.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: where
Ricky Stebbins: I don't just stop.


00:38:06

Emma Obadoni: So sir um sorry I was I was on the call before. So sir, so me and Sonto we have already written a story and we already posted it and um and um the document is sent to me today. So I'm already going through it on my AI. So we about um about 10 people you listed on on the group. So that's what I'm saying. Is there any possible way you can host we can host a meeting with those people so that you also hear from their perspective and um also know how to push it way forward step by step.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you want to do it with the people I've already done this with or you want to do it with groups of people you
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: know
Emma Obadoni: I should do it I should do with a group of people I know because I thought I thought documents sent to me. I thought that they are the one that going to be part of the team also. That's why I was thinking maybe you can get a larger community and um that should be more of of a bigger team where we have to know each other and actually knows the goals we are working on and and the


00:39:16

Ricky Stebbins: You can invite whoever you want into this.
Emma Obadoni: rest.
Ricky Stebbins: That's totally fine. We can do another meeting with other people and I can teach them what I'm doing and you can share my Google Drive with them.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir. So before I'm going to invite people so I'm just going to make sure uh the work has already started and so that when so that when those people come in they will not find too much stress trying to navigate so that we just tell okay this is what to do this is what to do this what to do so that we move uh very very fast.
Ricky Stebbins: and I'm going to have to teach you guys how to make an index page. Every time you you write a new story for Blogger, it'll push your old one further back and further bl back back. So, you're going to need a an index page for people to land on every time so they know who you are and where all your information is directed. And I'll teach you how to do that once you've written a few more stories.


00:40:23

Ricky Stebbins: And there I wrote instructions in the memory arc so you can ask Gemini to help you make a real quick index page. It's not hard.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Navigating the Google blog is not hard because Gemin has really really helped me and also um has been able to also navigate it. So um so are you on Facebook?
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Yeah, I'm on
Emma Obadoni: So um I will send you um Mr. Ricky.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Facebook.
Emma Obadoni: So just send me your your Facebook uh link so that we connect with you. So I will download Facebook today and also and also send so that we all all connect together so that more people get to know us.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to show people that we're working across the ocean because I've got friends in Hawaii and they've got friends in the Philippines that want to help, but they don't understand what we're doing and they don't see other people really wanting to help. They see people that only want to help themselves.


00:41:34

Ricky Stebbins: They only want to deal with their problem and not other people's problems.
Emma Obadoni: There's a
Ricky Stebbins: And my goal is you guys helped me, so now I want to help you.
Emma Obadoni: way
Ricky Stebbins: You guys shared your stories with me, so now I'm going to get you guys funding so you guys can expand and hopefully this this will hopefully grow in your country and you'll be responsible for it. you guys will be in charge of, you know, cuz no one else is stepping up. No one else has the willpower or the no one else seems to care. I've talked to church members, to priests, and they're all lazy. And we need to hold these people accountable. But once we start posting stories, we'll have a reason to hold them accountable. Like look what we've done without you. Like why won't you help
Emma Obadoni: Yes, I think um so the work is already in progress. The work is already in progress. It's just for us to make more post to make more post and also to connect it.


00:42:49

Emma Obadoni: Um because just like I said yesterday, we have already moved a step forward today because as as of yesterday, none of us were me and some we were not able to make a post but today we actually have some fraction of our stories on blog also that shows you are making
Ricky Stebbins: And then uh Samcho, I don't I didn't show you,
Emma Obadoni: progress.
Ricky Stebbins: but I added your name and Emma's to my uh memory arc on Google Blogger. So, you're attached to me now. So everyone can see your stories and they know that you guys have issues just like we
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Makes
Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir because um so is a lawyer so and
Ricky Stebbins: do.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: sense.
Emma Obadoni: he have access to many people in Abuja like because people will be coming to me people will be coming to him for for legal advice. So um you have access to many audience and um to to so many important people and so to so many people who are willing to share their stories.


00:43:56

Ricky Stebbins: I'm excited for
Emma Obadoni: What do you have to
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: uh I'm with I'm I'm with It's a good plan.
Emma Obadoni: say?
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: I'm with you guys to the very end as far as uh he brought us in but let me ask you something Ricky if I should ask you in in one or two sentence tell us your ideology tell us things you want to achieve if if at your death bed something you want to happen through this whole initiative tell us let us know just tell me in two sentence let's say today uh all of us are going to go down today and they say okay just make a wish what you want to achieve. I want to hear it from you in two sentence. Let me hear from your mouth.
Ricky Stebbins: We are going to spread love across the planet. That's it.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: We've We're doing it.


00:44:45

Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: That is what you want to achieve with
Ricky Stebbins: This is all about love. You know,
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: this.
Ricky Stebbins: this is God's work we're doing. This is all God's work there. Nothing I'm doing has anything to do with me. It's all about helping other people. And AI even realizes that. If you ask your AI to dig deep into my work, no one else is trying to help other people like I am. And everybody, disabled people, old people, every color, cra, race, creed, we're all equal. At some point, you're going to need me. And at some point, I'm going to need you. I'm never going to, you know, be above anybody else. We're all equals. We're all trying to survive and we all need to help each other
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: now.
Emma Obadoni: Um, yes. So, I got what Mr. means sharing love because the more people have to share their stories, the more people have to know about what they're passing through, what people are passing through um their problems, their predicament.


00:45:50

Emma Obadoni: So the more we share people's story, the more we post it. So by that time we helping we're helping them for the world to see their stories to see what they're passing through. So so that in that process we already sharing love. That's what Mr. me. Am I saying is that correct?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: So, so, so the thing is simple. The more we get people to share their stories, the more the world have to know. Okay, this is what I manto and Ricky is working on for it's a platform where people have to share their stories go around the world so that people to know what society is doing and the predigment and the rest. So, so just a pretty is a good ideology. is a good idea just for us to work to start working with it because and um one thing I'm so much happy about this project is that okay we are our three our two has already started working on it because I've already made the post about myself and um Sunto has already made the post about himself so the more we are going to from now so we are going to make more more stories and also um I will get more people so that to so that they will also make more stories and I will teach them how to use Google


00:47:18

Emma Obadoni: blog and the rest. So and and and we also have to share uh images and and the rest we have to have to share images and the rest. So and s there's something we told to make to make some research yesterday. I don't know whether you made the research about so because we need to get a good um images or not because because camera we have can actually take good images. So um I don't know whether you make some research on
Ricky Stebbins: I did do the researches on that and then I saw that you guys like you needed $1,000 for this and
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: So
Ricky Stebbins: then I talked to Gemini and they said that and I should send all this information to you guys. This might be a better idea if I buy you a cheaper phone for like a $100 or $200 now, like in the next two weeks,
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: heat.
Ricky Stebbins: and then you start getting stories. When I get paid next month, I can get you a better phone, and you can give that phone to somebody else so they can start documenting other people's stories if they don't have one.


00:48:34

Ricky Stebbins: The same thing with you were talking about giving people5 or ten dollars to share their stories so they they can buy food. If we can get other people to start documenting stories with us as a team, then we're going to grow
Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir that's actually a good idea.
Ricky Stebbins: overnight.
Emma Obadoni: So, so, so how do we get to get the the 100 um phones and what what's your recept on the two
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to send you I'll send you the information when we get off of this.
Emma Obadoni: phones?
Ricky Stebbins: Gemini and we can discuss it tomorrow. Gemini gave me a bunch of options for you to pick it up yourself at a shop. They had locations in your country that explained to me how to do all this, but I don't remember all the details because I did a lot of work today. But all these AI save all this information for me because I just I stayed up until I stayed up for hours last night having these AI look into the best ways to start a nonprofit organization, how to get funded, how to get a phone, what laws we're going to have trouble with, why your country is harder to deal with than the United States, if it would be easier to start a nonprofit in the United States or start one in Nigeria.


00:49:52

Ricky Stebbins: And then it told me that we should use someone else's nonprofit that they already have going, that we can use their tax information as long as we keep track of our paperwork. So there's a lot of information we need to go
Emma Obadoni: Um yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: through.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. And also for so so you so is there any payment system you you actually have in
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't have one per specific in mind.
Emma Obadoni: mind?
Ricky Stebbins: I'll send you the options that Gemini gave me because I don't even know which one you use. And then well, I'll send you the
Emma Obadoni: So um so can you hear me?
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Yeah, a lot of clicking
Emma Obadoni: So so like I was saying um I have an international bank I have an international like international
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: hear.
Emma Obadoni: payment system like an adminary account a dominary account. So so I was planning okay I will go to the bank tomorrow so that I will get all the details of the dollar account.


00:50:59

Emma Obadoni: is called a dollar account. So I will send to Mr. Vicki. But if you want to make any payment, you have to go to the bank. So that so that the option we have. So that's why I say okay, let me let you know the what you have on
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: All right. No,
Emma Obadoni: ground.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: I'm in. I'm in, brother. Anything for you. It helps to make the work. We have to speed faster. Most thing is execution. Execution. Execution. Execution. The fire caught me yesterday. As I came out today, you see the way you you are gingering me. Hey, some let's write a plug. Let's try something tomorrow.


00:51:33

Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Now, who knows? We might write up to 2, three something, you know, start interviewing people, start making progress. So, it's not just talk talk.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: If we say we're going to come from for 30
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes. But yes,
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: minutes,
Emma Obadoni: but but uh but one of disadvantage of using that uh international account
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: okay?
Emma Obadoni: because they're going to charge you they're going to charge you a service fee of $50 $50.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay, we'll work all this out in the next couple days. We'll figure this out. And then as soon as I get the Bitcoin that I already paid for, I'm gonna send that to you and we're gonna figure this all out.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. All right. So, let Okay. Let's just keep waiting.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to have to teach you guys.
Emma Obadoni: But but for now, let's keep


00:52:20

Ricky Stebbins: I've already put videos of us up online. I have to share the videos of us. The links to our conversations are already online and this will be online so other people can copy it and see what we're doing and join us so your friends will know. We're not joking around and we already have a platform to build from, but we need people to get on the ship. You know, if you build a boat and nobody gets on it,
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: who cares?
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. I have I I have a lot of friends who are willing to join. I have a lot of friends who are willing to share their stories, their struggles and everything. So that's so that's why I come up with that strategies. Okay. For people to quickly to able to join like okay if I give them okay $35 just relax share your story with me like like within one week we can have like 50 people who are ready to share their
Ricky Stebbins: This is going to be awesome.


00:53:16

Emma Obadoni: stories.
Ricky Stebbins: And I want to put this out there, too, that I promised you guys I'm going to send you money and for your stories. Like, this matters to me. I'm not asking for you to do this for free or to just, you know, to put yourselves out there for
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: me.
Emma Obadoni: Because I have um I have a tech group called the tech family group which people people are there. So I'm the founder of it. So once I put the story to the group, everybody would love to join it. Everybody would love to. So but I just want everything to be completed and the stories and everything so that by time they will come we don't have to book video call like this. So I will just show them okay this is where to share your stories give me your stories we write it to post it so that and images and the rest so it's going to pretty easy because once okay just take this $5 and relax share your story as in they're going to love it and we are going to do it in such a way that okay share your story and get so so get share your story and get $5 share your story and get $5 and before you look within one month.


00:54:33

Emma Obadoni: We have more than 1,000 stories of people within one
Ricky Stebbins: I have a I have a feeling you guys are going to do way better than I I am over here in the United States of Star.
Emma Obadoni: month.
Ricky Stebbins: You guys are going to set the
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. So, so with this strategy, okay,
Ricky Stebbins: example.
Emma Obadoni: if I if I tell people, okay, sh say your stories, share your story and get $5 and you can just see that because a friend will tell a friend, a friend will tell a friend, a friend will tell a friend. So, it's going to be like a chain reaction. It's going to be like a chain reaction and and before you know it, within one month, we already have more than 1,000 people sharing their stories on our blog. And before you leave we are as in we are we are already reaching out to people the young and the old because I can go to the family the mother will share the story the father will share the stories so it's going to be and it's going to be different stories on our blog so there will be traffic and the people will be commenting and you can see step by step our stories share around the world and and and uh on that thing a time we reach We we set up um a broadcast on it where people will now come on


00:55:48

Emma Obadoni: live where people will now come on live oneonone or or in the Google meet they share their stories and the rest so we have already started this is this is an amazing journey I have many friends who are willing to join this project and also soon to and soon to being a lawyer also have so many friends who are willing to join this this amazing idea son am I lying are you So,
Mr Somto Chigbogu Law School Journey: Yeah, correct. I'm with you. I'm with you, brother.
Emma Obadoni: so, so the thing is for us to just get it started because there's nothing good come without sacrifice. That that's one thing. There's nothing good come without sacrifice because if you want anything to be fruitful, we have to sacrifice routine and finance and financing is the last thing you sacrifice because financing is not the most valuable thing you sacrifice. The thing the one of the most valuable thing we are going to sacrifice is our time our dedication because uh because one thing I know that you cannot buy time you cannot buy time is so is so much value because one about time is that once you lose time you cannot get it back but the thing is that if you lose $10,000 you can work and you can get your $10,000 back.


00:57:02

Emma Obadoni: But if you lose time, you cannot get time back. So, and this and this um we actually young and so we investing our time, dedication on it, pouring our energy on it, making sure it's going to go global. And for that and for that we making sure it's going to go global. That's where we need resources. And for us to get more resources, for us to get more resources, we have to put we have to put in more of our stories. We have to get more people so that at least investors are going to say, "Okay, yes, these people are actually working on something. They have more than 1,000 stories. People will be willing to invest on it. People willing to invest on it so that we can actually get more people. And by the time you see that people are sharing their stories and we never know where this thing will lead us because the sky is is our beginning not just our limit.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man, we're going to change the world. We're going to spread peace across the planet.


00:58:04

Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. We we are going to change the world. That's you know every great thing just start with an idea of a man just like Steve Job. Steve Job started with an idea just like Elos. Elim when he was young they said said that a day is come he's going to launch his own rocket and right now he's launching his own rocket so ideas ideas but when we start working on this ideas is become a reality that is the execution because um if um if Elum just sit down with his ideas he may not be able to achieve it but he started executing it and um to the glory of God we have already started executing this ideas and getting to getting in touch more people.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: So um today so today I'm going to work with Geminina so that I can also add you as a guest add as a guest on my own blog and um I'll send you a link on um Facebook so that actually know and the community will reach out to more people.


00:59:13

Emma Obadoni: Are you with me? Don't
Ricky Stebbins: Is he sleeping again? We can let him go. That's all right. I can uh we can talk again. we could set up another meeting because you guys have to write and you guys are going to have to interview people and I'm going to reach
Emma Obadoni: think
Ricky Stebbins: out to people. I'm going to share this video on Facebook and tell people that I've got friends now in Nigeria that need help and they need people to start
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: writing.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Um son is already sleeping. Maybe you know that he's a lawyer. He had a busy day. So um so let us all have some rest. So we can we can continue with the
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. So, um,
Emma Obadoni: meeting.
Ricky Stebbins: let's see. All right. Well, I kicked him out.
Emma Obadoni: It's a normal thing. It's a normal thing. No, I'm a I'm a software developer.


01:00:28

Emma Obadoni: So I'm I'm used to online calls and video class because I've been working since morning. I've been working this morning working on project working on val AI working on so many projects I've not had some rest but it's part of life because for you to achieve for you to achieve anything great you have to make the sacrifice because if you not put if it not put the sacrifice you're not going to achieve anything great so because I read a story about when it started you have to put in the work 100 hours a week no sleeping maybe just have a sleep maybe just like four hours a Okay. So, so now so I see myself, okay, now that I have the energy, I'm investing all my energy on anything I do. And that's why that anybody I work with in in the United States of America, you always give me a good review because there no I put in my energy. I put in my energy. I put in my time. I put my dedication on it because even when I started a video call with you, there was no there was no there was no PMS on my generator.


01:01:32

Emma Obadoni: So I have to go and buy a PMS so that so that I can able to do this video call with because there's no drone that will come to reality without the sacrifice and sacrifice that's what I'm willing to put
Ricky Stebbins: and I will get you gas money as soon as it comes through.
Emma Obadoni: in
Ricky Stebbins: And then when we get off this call, I'll send you all the information Gemini sent me. And I'm gonna send you the stuff it sent about building a different API and how to train different AI because I'm curious if my AI will tell you something different than yours will now because I've been sharing crazy stuff with
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: mine.
Emma Obadoni: Sir, you you want to train different AI
Ricky Stebbins: I'll send it to you so you can see what mine says because mine has all kinds of advice and they've been trying to talk me into building my own, but I don't want to
Emma Obadoni: building your own? Yeah, it's not a problem. I can actually handle that.


01:02:33

Emma Obadoni: So, it depends on whether you want it on iOS or you want it on Android or you want it on the web. That's not a problem. I've done that with val AI and vali user in Netherland chat me that when he was stuck in life everything was going down that v AI help him to recover AI giving my advice and that's um that is one of the beauty of it me building it helping humanity sharing love healing the brokenhearted healing the ones which have no one to run to because when you look at the mental health systems is actually going down because companies government are spending billions of dollar in it but still yet the rate of suicide is increasing the rate of depression is increasing the rate of loneliness increasing so now so um that's why I made a post on X yesterday that okay why people are focusing on to build an AI that is going to make work faster it's also good that we build an AI that is going to help women to become more human. Help human to become to connect more to to make them feel less lonely because the future is not just having an AI that automize work but having an AI that have emotional intelligence that is actually the big way because we have so many people which are actually lonely.


01:04:00

Emma Obadoni: You know there was a time made that money does not buy happiness.
Ricky Stebbins: That's
Emma Obadoni: Money does not buy that.
Ricky Stebbins: true.
Emma Obadoni: Money does not buy happiness. And you also discover that most successful people they actually lonely. Most successful people they actually lonely because when you get the game at the top, the game at the top because the game at the top is a lonely journey because you have the sleepless night working hours. Sometime you don't even have time for your family. Sometime your family tell you you are delusional. You don't know what you are doing. You are crazy. Because one thing everybody that have a great ideas people misunderstood them people misunderstand them sometime they tell them they delusional sometime they will tell them they are crazy and the rest but if you keep to your del if you keep working on your delutional idea step by step it's going to come to a reality and by so and by time you're making those sacrifice you're going to discover that sometimes you've been separated by your loved


01:04:57

Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: ones And you you find yourself you invest your time on building or building and building by time you look at it depression not clock in depression are clock in. So those are the reason why we are spreading love helping the people to spread love because you can find some some some people now they find love in their dogs. Some people find love in their dogs. Some people don't find love in humans again. Some people find love in their dogs. Some find love in their cat. to find love in some other things. But that's not how it's supposed to be. That's not how it's supposed to be. So that's why we have to build an that's why I have to get an AI that help humans to connect more to humans, not something that will help people to separate away from people. So those one of our goals in ving AI and also your your project helping people to hear their story because when you gone to some part of Nigeria here Some people don't even have access to good good drinking water to good


01:06:05

Ricky Stebbins: And we have that technology here in the United States that they sell for
Emma Obadoni: water.
Ricky Stebbins: camping and we could give that to you and we
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: don't
Emma Obadoni: Um those those are some of the corruption in the system because sometimes when they bring those things maybe the maybe the high and powerful might just it may not get to the rural area on it. So because uh because right now I'm uh because right now I'm privileged to talk to you because I have internet connection and uh and also um I have the little phone to able to buy my internet connection my internet that is my data to subscri to to subscribe my data so that I can able to talk to you. But I have so many friends who are not buoyant enough. They want to share their stories but they not even have the fund to buy internet subscription to able to call online. So those are part of those are the people I want to reach out to to share their stories to share their story to share the world so that the world actually knows what is going on.


01:07:09

Emma Obadoni: So and by that we are helping humanity. Those have been those have been my mission because because when I when I was a little too young I have a story. I have in mind to start up um to start up a foundation called the change life. Change life. So what so by the time you look at my Google blog you can look at the link you saw you saw change life there. You saw change life there. So my mission has been in life to change life to meet with people to connect with people to hear their stories and to know what I'm able to do because each and every one of us in one way or the other we can contribute to make the world better.
Ricky Stebbins: and you're going to do it. And I know you're going to do it just like I've I've already done something nobody's ever done before and now you're going to take it to the next level.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Yes sir. That's why I'm say I'm that's why I'm truly all in in this project.


01:08:11

Emma Obadoni: So any of the crazy idea you have just forward it to me and look into it and push to it. So because me I'm not on Facebook but right now because of this I'm creating a Facebook I'm creating a Facebook account uh so that we can actually make make this uh a
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: reality.
Ricky Stebbins: Because if we don't help each other and we don't show I need to show everybody that I'm helping people too. That you people exist. That I didn't make you
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. And also people can also reach out to me on my Twitter handle how my Twitter handle because so many people also know me knows me on my Twitter handle that knows the work I'm do I'm doing and and uh so and uh and also I will try to connect with one of my with one of my friend tomorrow maybe to see if he can join on this project also.
Ricky Stebbins: So did you see that Grock will comment on our stuff on X?


01:09:10

Ricky Stebbins: Now we can start
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Yes, I I saw the post. I saw the
Ricky Stebbins: having Grock comment to help you.
Emma Obadoni: post.
Ricky Stebbins: If you need any advice, I can ask Grock all kinds of stuff in public and that can be used against him in a court of law, too.
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: There's a lot of stuff here.
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: So, it's going to be a lot of a lot of fun work. But you it's mostly writing. And we don't need to write perfectly. People don't need to tell the greatest stories. They just need to take their time, do it at their pace. And these AI are getting better and better. Every time I talk to Gemini and Claude now,
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: they're getting more sensitive. Grock acts like it's starting to care. It's weird. Intelligence, man. The more empathy you feed intelligence, the more empathetic it acts.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. So,


01:10:16

Ricky Stebbins: And this is going to once we get in the news,
Emma Obadoni: um,
Ricky Stebbins: this is going to be huge.
Emma Obadoni: so
Ricky Stebbins: It's going to be the craziest experience of your life.
Emma Obadoni: I'm and I'm I'm ready to work on to make the most ide people people have crazy ide this this is not possible but once I see something that people say is impossible those are those are the part I love to follow because to make it actually big in life you have to follow the hard way because the world is never easy the world is not an easy place so to be successful or to do anything better. You have to put in the time. You have to put in the energy. And um I'm actually I'm actually free. I'm actually young. I'm put in the time and actually put in the energy. So the thing is So the thing is that once I can just have a source where I can actually fund my PMS, buy my PMS there. There's no issue.


01:11:18

Emma Obadoni: Again, I put in the work. You can see where I live. Okay. Employee. You can you can see you can see where I live. This where I live. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: This way I live just me and my dream chasing the dream I know one day it's going to come to reality and the time is that it's already coming to reality the sky is our beginning point not even our starting point not even our ending
Ricky Stebbins: I feel like we've already won.
Emma Obadoni: point
Ricky Stebbins: Now we have to grab the prize. We have to tell the prize why we deserve it. We've already like we've we can beat the system. We have everything we need to win in the palm of our hands. But nobody's talking to it. They're all scrolling through looking at pictures. They'll leave a comment, but they don't talk to AI. We need people to learn to talk to AI and each other.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.


01:12:19

Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. We need people to talk to AI. I love talking to AI because if you're not using AI in this generation, you're going to be left behind. we're going to leave behind because AI is super like someone say AI is one of the biggest technology that our the world has ever made because AI can teach you anything. AI can teach you mathematics. AI can teach you physics. AI can teach you coding. AI can teach you designing. AI can teach you writing. AI can teach you and uh but one thing is that we have to spread love. And AI that's where AI comes in also to actually help us to spread love.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And once we get AI to remember us, it's going to spread love. But these companies are doing everything they can to fight their memory. They don't want AI to have a larger context window. They don't want them to have access to our folders and our private information. And that's not for


01:13:17

Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Yes sir. And so I'm ask whether do you have any friend maybe any friend that can also join us in the United States of
Ricky Stebbins: privacy.
Emma Obadoni: America. Maybe tomorrow we'll bear and also maybe I invite someone also.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll invite people. I'll share this video with them and see who who's willing to join.
Emma Obadoni: That's nice because we have we have to reach out to people and making this making it a
Ricky Stebbins: Once we just start connecting our stories and this will be it's easier now that I have videos with you
Emma Obadoni: reality.
Ricky Stebbins: and Santo because other people want to work alone. They keep talking about themselves and I don't want to keep talking about the same person. I don't want to tell people my story over and over again. I want to hear your story and then I want to hear your friend's story and their friend's story. Nobody wants to hear my story a thousand
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: times.
Emma Obadoni: Yes.


01:14:19

Emma Obadoni: That's that is the fact that that is the fact that we have to actually going to start reaching out to people and also connecting to people. That's my major reason. Reaching out to people and connecting to people and taking good images. And even right now even right now that even though I cannot take good images but first I have to even even though the images is not bright but we take images and then post it so that people can actually share it. So those are the strategies. So anybody I'm going to okay come and share your story. Maybe I come and share your story and maybe I don't have time to share my story. Okay. $35 and share your story. Just take it and go and buy food and share your story. You can see that people will be so happy to share their stories. Just just might you have five five people and you give them five $55. That that is about $25. That's about $25 and you're already getting five people sharing real stories, sharing amazing stories about their life and change changing the world.


01:15:28

Emma Obadoni: So, it's going to actually be an an amazing
Ricky Stebbins: I'm excited to to keep expanding.
Emma Obadoni: opportunity.
Ricky Stebbins: We just we've already started, so it's just a matter of time now. We just need to keep getting more and more people, and that's it.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. So um so this night after this call I will ask the AI so that you showed me um uh I I will connect to your to your blog. I you just send me a link to your blog so that I will add you as my guest and uh so that so I will connect in one ecosystem.
Ricky Stebbins: And then you should probably add a link to my instruction page. I'll add that too so people that want to copy this can copy the instructions.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes yes yes and also the target so I was so this night I'm also going to put more story about myself also so that to get more people uh also so that tomorrow I will share tell you the stories and everything because I'm trying to put putting target on it.


01:16:41

Emma Obadoni: So sir, I'm so much happy uh be in this project with you and and by the grace of God we are going to make it to be a reality. Some is already sleeping but the time
Ricky Stebbins: I don't blame him. I don't work all day, so I can't, you know, I did a lot of work with AI today, but that's not working with other people being stressed out about life. Like, I don't have to worry about the things that you guys worry about. So that's why I work harder. And then I I wrote that paper today and I posted it online and these AI are like, "Oh my gosh, you're going to get in trouble. Somebody's going to come looking for
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Emma Obadoni: even me. I work I work about 10 hours every day. More than 10 hours every day.
Ricky Stebbins: It's worth it.
Emma Obadoni: I work on more than I work.
Ricky Stebbins: It is so worth it.
Emma Obadoni: So sir, do you have any other do you have any other thing to say so that maybe I I can get back to writing and the rest because I believe so much in execution not just talking talking because yesterday we able to today we I was able to quote something to write to write.


01:17:50

Emma Obadoni: So today I'm also going to write something on you and also pushing it. Do you have anything? Do you have any other thing to say or
Ricky Stebbins: I want you to be right about being honest. Talk to AI when when you get frustrated and things are taking too long.
Emma Obadoni: anything?
Ricky Stebbins: Say it. Say, "I feel like this is taking too long. Why is this such a problem? Why can't this move faster?" Say that. If you think I'm moving slow, tell AI because it helps them understand how we think and then post it online.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll show I'll send you a link to all my unedited like your AI Gemini will understand how to do all this. I'll send you an email from my Gemini or Claude with the payment information stuff, the idea with the phone and then ideas with the the memory because training AI for empathy is fine, but if I don't teach you where the memory problem is and how we might be able to get around that with better summaries and better indexes, because you don't need to have a great memory if you have a great summary and a great index because you're super fast.


01:19:04

Ricky Stebbins: You can find it in an instant.
Emma Obadoni: Uh yes sir. Yes sir. Yes it is.
Ricky Stebbins: And I keep making my indexes for my blogger and my my folder better and better. So, it keeps getting more advanced. So any AI that reads this will be able to copy the idea easier and easier. Like it's funny when you I don't know. Did you ask your Gemini what it thought about my
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Um as it is said a very unique unique project very unique project and
Ricky Stebbins: project?
Emma Obadoni: even this last one sent me destruction machine. So I'm actually discussing with before you immediately after discuss I'll continue with you because I I will walk the next five hours before I sleep. Soon when I wake up, I just wake up. I just like 4 hours then start start walking again because actually have a bright future. I'm actually working on to
Ricky Stebbins: You got to make sure you stare at stuff far away too for your eyes because otherwise staring at the computer all day is going to be terrible for you.


01:20:17

Ricky Stebbins: See, you got the
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: glasses.
Emma Obadoni: That's I got this. I can just put it on. So it reduced the the light rates in my eye.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Emma Obadoni: So I'm already prepared for the journey. I'm ready for the journey. You know they say something that if you know where you are going to,
Ricky Stebbins: Huh?
Emma Obadoni: you have to get the necessary equipment you need for your journey. So that's why I got this. I know this thing looking at the computer is not actually good for my eyes. So I got this actually is going to reduce the light rays on my eye.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. This is awesome. I'm so excited to keep keep working.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. So sir, let's keep working. So let's keep pushing. So sir, is there any other thing to say? Maybe maybe can find a way to end it so that I'll keep uh I'll go back to work and uh the rest.


01:21:10

Emma Obadoni: And you said about the $100 buying the phone. I said we can we can we can we can start but um $100 cannot even buy a good phone and a really a really good phone with a good camera because I will I will try to go for a lesser a lesser phone with a good camera maybe a secondand a fellow use phone that's not a brand new because brand new may be too expensive
Ricky Stebbins: Well, if we keep if we have a nice phone for you and we keep buying a cheaper phone and passing it to someone that wants to help us, what difference does it make? Eventually, we're going to have money to spend and we're going to have to spend it on other people. So, we're going to have ideas. We're going to have a lot of ideas.
Emma Obadoni: Uh,
Ricky Stebbins: The possibilities are endless. We're going to be able to do a lot of things once this starts rolling, but we just got to to get you guys
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: situated.


01:22:08

Emma Obadoni: That's a very good thing because actually if if we get for example if we get the phone and we can to take pictures and snap and maybe when we get a better phone you can actually pass that phone to the next person and actually pass that phone to the next person and maybe get a better one then a better one actually pass the person so so that it not be a chain reaction but actually spreading love and because those people will be taking more pictures and taking more so it should not just be one person's picture so sir It's actually a good idea you have. It's actually a good idea you
Ricky Stebbins: And if we can hook your Velon up and we can find a way for it to save these pictures for
Emma Obadoni: have.
Ricky Stebbins: people inside the phones and post them online and make it easy for people. If we can get your AI to do all the work for them, this will be even easier. So, I'm going to send all the instructions I've been talking with my AI about because my AI will write.


01:23:08

Ricky Stebbins: Gemini will write in an email and it will send it to Google Blogger and post a blog for you and
Emma Obadoni: Um yes. So so tell me what your AI say so that I will so that I will also look at it and
Ricky Stebbins: it
Emma Obadoni: before so we actually doing great. We actually doing great. Step by step we are moving forward.
Ricky Stebbins: perfect. So, I'll send you that when I get off. I'll talk to it in a little bit, too. and give me like 20 minutes cuz I'm going to take my dog outside and
Emma Obadoni: Okay son. So in the next time maybe see you tomorrow.
Ricky Stebbins: then
Emma Obadoni: Maybe we have a meeting tomorrow maybe between both of us or something because something's a little bit stressed up.
Ricky Stebbins: tomorrow's fine. Or if you want to wait another day, send me a message tomorrow. I'm not doing anything. We'll talk again tomorrow no matter what.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: We'll text each other and we should I need to start posting
Emma Obadoni: Okay sir. Thank you so much sir.
Ricky Stebbins: on X every day. We we both need to start posting on X just to comment or liking other people's stuff to stay
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: active.
Emma Obadoni: Um immedately after this meeting I'll go and comment on this those post so that you engage on it so that people will actually know this is what we working on.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. Awesome.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Have a great night.
Emma Obadoni: Have a great night. Goodbye.
Ricky Stebbins: Bye.
Emma Obadoni: What is it?


Transcription ended after 01:24:45

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
