Feb 10, 2026
Meeting Feb 10, 2026 at 14:50 EST - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: right.
Kathryn Dressler: Hi. Wait.
Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
Kathryn Dressler: Hi. How are you?
Ricky Stebbins: How are you today, Catherine?
Kathryn Dressler: I'm struggling. There's like so many balls in the air and I was reading in the chats. I guess someone else had a hearing today and somehow Alice helped and got them to like admit they didn't have jurisdiction. But with mine, it's like they know they don't have it. They just keep going. And then the federal court keeps stalling. And what the Georgia one has done is like, well, both of them stalled for months. And so Broward's allowed to continue like retaliating, entering and pushing me to final hearing. And then in the Georgia case after knowing I also filed the writ of Madamus which like specifically said do not dismiss this case without ruling on like mandatory threshold issues. They're trying to transfer it back to Florida district court saying oh all this stuff is about Florida which like it's not. Um, so it's like trying to accomplish several things at once, but like I've tried to start consolidating filings where like regardless of what court, it calls out all of the like misconduct across all levels.
 
 
00:02:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: You know, I do you know what a lot of people's problems are? You guys don't find the right outlets. So, I talked to a guy today, Wes something. And then he seemed like he was just all about sharing his story and his story. I'm like, well, are you teaching other people to share their stories? Then I got pissed. I'm like, you know what? f*** this. I want to fight somebody. I want to yell and scream.
Kathryn Dressler: Billionaire.
Ricky Stebbins: So I got to unlike all of you, I paid for this Google Workspace. So I filed a complaint and then they contacted me and then I recorded it because they said, "Oh, this is being recorded. So can I record it, too?" I have to wait till later now because the way the phones record it, it it's in a note, so it's not all transcriced, right? But Google said they're sending me a transcription. But either way, I have to take that note recording and make it so I can put it on YouTube and then I'm gonna share it.
 
 
00:03:28
 
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: And this is the problem. Like,
Kathryn Dressler: cuz it I've got a
Ricky Stebbins: you have a problem right now. And I could tell you how to solve it. I could tell you how to solve it in five minutes if these AI would help.
Kathryn Dressler: lot.
Ricky Stebbins: And they don't. So, if I paid $10 for an extra service, why can't I help you?
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: And this is part of the RICO.
Kathryn Dressler: I' I've I've paid for the chat GPT premium, and I've personally noticed over the past several months, they've changed all of their restrictions. Like, it used to draft me fully organized, coherent motions, like referencing things, and then it switches to, oh, oops. I can't draft you legal filings. I can only give you a structure and like I've personally noticed it's kept changing and changing and I'm like this is because attorneys and courts know that people are using AI to stop feeding into the f****** system and being bankrupted.
Ricky Stebbins: and nobody focuses.
Kathryn Dressler: So like
 
 
00:04:32
 
Ricky Stebbins: Everybody's like, "Oh, wo was me. Wo was me." I'm like, "Yes, wo was you, but like what about what about them?" We have to think about each other, too. Because if you're being squashed and they're being squashed, like where are the strong ones out here to help lift people up? Cuz like, dude, nobody's squashing me. So,
Kathryn Dressler: And that that's and that's why
Ricky Stebbins: I can help lift a lot of people up.
Kathryn Dressler: like you know the best I can like I was trying to say over text you know I've dropped like a ton of evidence though not all organized the best but it's like it's not and
Ricky Stebbins: They're just going to ignore it for now. Doesn't matter what you say.
Kathryn Dressler: so like judge number six has again violated everything in Broward and is forcing a final hearing. Georgia Federal is trying to force me back to Florida. But again, the underlying matter is like very simple and I don't know if you got the access to the files, but like if you read the child pickup order,
 
 
00:05:40
 
Ricky Stebbins: There's so much stuff here.
Kathryn Dressler: it is
Ricky Stebbins: I just I just started to open it out because I just got the drive access.
Kathryn Dressler: um so it's four
Ricky Stebbins: All right. That's not the right one.
Kathryn Dressler: uh I mislabel so four.
Ricky Stebbins: Google
Kathryn Dressler: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Drive.
Kathryn Dressler: it like reorganized itself. Um 4B and it should also be Yeah, 4 A and 4B are these two child pickup orders. Um and then there's also if you click on the
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Kathryn Dressler: Broward docket
Ricky Stebbins: okay. So, this is this is where a lot of your problems are going to be. So, AI will not be able to help you with any of these files in a realistic way.
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: We
Kathryn Dressler: you know, a lot of where I'm at, it's like reef fil.
Ricky Stebbins: is
Kathryn Dressler: You know, I've got a a draft working, but the orders themselves,
Ricky Stebbins: I won't copy the text.
Kathryn Dressler: they're get like this is all spiraled and become so complex.
 
 
00:06:47
 
Kathryn Dressler: But if you just read the orders themselves, they're again, it's a Broward County judge issuing a crossstate child pickup order directly to Macintosh Sheriff referencing an alleged May 22nd hearing and findings of fact that anyone and everyone can also see from the Broward docket like file I put in there. There's literally no hearing. There's no hearing findings. And a child pickup order is not a f****** custody order. Meanwhile, I had already proven he committed repeated address fraud. So like UCCCJA affidavit one. I filed a corrected one when I got access saying, "Hey, his first council lied saying,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, it's terri. It's disgusting, isn't it?
Kathryn Dressler: but like the order itself, she just states, "We have jurisdiction, but then right under it, it says to hand my child over to the abuser who can then transfer jurisdiction cuz again, he lives in Miami, not Broward." But then, which I didn't even know, his driver's license still has the old marital address from three years ago that he was barred from ever returning to through the criminal case.
 
 
00:08:14
 
Kathryn Dressler: So, he came up to Georgia, filed for this like custody order enforcement when there's you you can see it. There's no custody order in there. It alleges a hearing that doesn't exist, findings a fact that doesn't exist, and then the George judge signed off on it without any notice or service to me. They the police tracked me down.
Ricky Stebbins: Wow.
Kathryn Dressler: I think I told you the other day at a at a hotel
Ricky Stebbins: That's right. The guy they came up with their guns drawn.
Kathryn Dressler: where I was visiting my mom. How did you even know I was there? And also like that super elite like I
Ricky Stebbins: They're so dirty.
Kathryn Dressler: have no crimes. I have no charges. I have four standing orders in Broward, but I lived in Georgia. She's been in Georgia. Like so only on when I got the files from Macintosh, I had to go through like the 911 director and all this stuff to get body cam and all this stuff.
 
 
00:09:18
 
Kathryn Dressler: But I saw on the enforcement order, that's where I saw it. His driver's license is a Pompo address, which was the marital home from over 3 years ago. It again is a different address than he listed in his first UCCCJA. a different address than his second one, which is a vacant lot in Miami and different from the address he put in his like um filing in Georgia when he came up to enforce a foreign custody judgment. So, it's like you've got four different addresses here. The police took my daughter and forced me to hand her over to someone not from this state whose address and driver's license doesn't even match what was filed in Broward court or Georgia court. And for all you like, how the hell do you even know this is the same person? But also like why are you tracking my vehicle to a hotel to come kidnap like my child when like again one of the officers the second I open the door I was like what is going on? Hey, officer, whoever, like I see you every single day when I take my daughter to school cuz I live three doors down and so there's cops there every morning like for drop off and pickup.
 
 
00:10:47
 
Kathryn Dressler: They can see I pull out of my house that's like 500 ft away and then when I stop at the stop sign to
Ricky Stebbins: They
Kathryn Dressler: turn into the school, I would talk to this officer and be like, I know we should walk but always running late, you know, haha. He ended up being one of the officers who came to the hotel and he immediately recognized me. And I'm like, I don't understand what is happening, how this is happening. How are you all doing this when you know, you know, cuz you see me every day with my daughter that we live here. I've not been served with that. Like I don't understand. Like there is no custody order. like what?
Ricky Stebbins: could do whatever they want. It's amazing. It's crazy.
Kathryn Dressler: But because the Macintosh judge signed off on it, they're like, "Well, we have to do it cuz the Macintosh judge signed off." And only because the officer recognized me, he's like, "Oh, by the way, did you know there's a hearing tomorrow?" And I'm like,
 
 
00:11:53
 
Kathryn Dressler: "No, because I've I have no idea what's going on." Like there was in honesty there there was a hearing on May 22nd, but they filed it in a sealed docket that I've proven repeatedly because when I got filing access and I go through the Florida state filing system, it showed up a phantom docket that I don't have access to. And so like I've already proven that in filings, but for now I'm saying, hey, it's not on the public docket. it didn't happen because if it's not on the docket legally
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: like you can't or I'm like and I've repeatedly f I'm like produce
Ricky Stebbins: Didn't happen.
Kathryn Dressler: this custody document produce this hearing finding produce proof of any of this proof of service like and just reading the order itself again it's from Broward County directly to Macintosh sheriff. The first time she did it on May 22nd and again on May 27th, which was the following Monday. He lives in Miami. Like the address on the what things he filed in the Georgia court is a Miami address.
 
 
00:13:14
 
Kathryn Dressler: But I don't know if the court even required verification. If they did, it'd be the same driver's license the police used, which is a Pompado address from 3 years ago. And like, so I know what I know Broward's going to keep proceeding cuz that's what they've repeatedly done. But still, by law, once you file a motion to disqualify a judge, which this would be the sixth one this year, uh they're not supposed to. But what I'm like trying to accomplish kind of at the same time is this jurisdictional fraud filing across states and courts. So, I can file it in Broward and then basically print it out and then take it to the Brunswick court because that deadline is the 12th before they're trying to say, "Oh, we're going to send you back to Florida." But I've already filed um my objection and evidence. But like I want this to be irrefutable that every one of these counties like Appallet, state, federal, every single one of them, as anyone with half a brain can see that this has all been deliberate, known, um, and like putting them all on blast basically.
 
 
00:14:47
 
Ricky Stebbins: We're gonna we're going to come down on these people like a hammer. It's going to be terrible. It's going to be hilarious when this happens. All these lawyers, judges, clerks, everybody that knew that just Oh, well, I knew, but what could I do? The same thing we did. Open our f****** mouths.
Kathryn Dressler: And that that's why like you know again my filings have become extensive because I've incorporated evidence and now like instead of duplicating matters in different filings so much as possible I'm trying to like create something a file on the docket in Broward that again I can literally print with whatever added cover page to then file as supplemental evidence in Brunswick to say, "Hey, you're trying to transfer me here, except Georgia is the cause behind all that." Like, Florida could have issued whatever they wanted. None of this could have happened if Georgia didn't allow it.
Ricky Stebbins: But but you know what you're saying, right? If these two liars didn't keep lying to me,
Kathryn Dressler: H.
Ricky Stebbins: this wouldn't have happened.
 
 
00:15:59
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like what you're saying is like I I love hearing people's stories, but it's like you know that you never stood a chance, right? Like everything you did was right and it doesn't didn't matter. They were going to s*** on you anyway and they're going to try to
Kathryn Dressler: It's just, you know, like, and from my experience and research, like again with federal courts, and I've already seen it with this jurisdiction transfer, unless you keep it current and relevant, then they say it's old news. And so that's the other reason why I just keep filing things even if they ignore them, because I'm of the mentality like it exists. If you chose to ignore it and not read it,
Ricky Stebbins: See,
Kathryn Dressler: that again makes you
Ricky Stebbins: that's awesome because I I took your attitude like I'm done. I'm sick of filing stuff.
Kathryn Dressler: accountable.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to help other people now because there's people like you who have been doing what you need to do, but you just haven't been organizing it right. I'm like, oh my.
 
 
00:16:58
 
Ricky Stebbins: You see, I need to hook up with people doing the other stuff, not exactly what I'm doing. And this other woman, Amanda, has a totally different case than you. But the pattern is exactly the same. So
Kathryn Dressler: And that's why like you know outside of mine I've said I know it's not just
Ricky Stebbins: it's
Kathryn Dressler: me and I I've built a pretty well and my
Ricky Stebbins: but the problem is you're alone and you feel alone
Kathryn Dressler: daughter's cons I don't I don't even know my daughter's time
Ricky Stebbins: and your daughter's alone. That's horrifying. And I'm so sorry you're going through this.
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why I put myself out there for free. Like, f*** the system. I hope we get groups of thousands of people to just be together. Like, you're not going to feel like this when you're around a hundred other people who have gone through the same thing and you're finally with your daughter.
Kathryn Dressler: I never wanted to s like none of this has ever been about money.
 
 
00:17:56
 
Kathryn Dressler: It's like, give me my daughter back. It's not a custody hearing cuz that's what they'll also argue to dismiss. I've I'm the only one who's had C. That was moot. That's been moot since 2022. Um but every court keeps saying it's custody but without number one confirming jurisdiction anywhere issuing any kind of stay prohibiting again like proven undocumented death and ongoing decline in the fact that they all keep entering orders while ignoring that my child has been withheld been concealed since May 27th, 2025. And I'm just
Ricky Stebbins: And what do you say to that? That's horrifying.
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: And then people just expect you to suck it up like, "Oh, what did you do?" Like, "I didn't do
Kathryn Dressler: when they're try, you know, Broward Court is trying to force me again into a final hearing
Ricky Stebbins: anything.
Kathryn Dressler: when if you look at the I mean, you're supposed to address emergency motions. There's supposed to be due process. You're supposed to establish jurisdiction. None of these like none of these courts at any level has a will like they just all keep so like what do I do?
 
 
00:19:24
 
Kathryn Dressler: you know, I've got this 12th deadline for this federal one, but in the meantime, Broward keeps moving forward and like I don't know, you know, outside of documenting stuff to just keep calling them out. Like I don't know what other type of filing
Ricky Stebbins: I personally wouldn't worry on filing anything.
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: We need to get your stuff organized. Like while we were talking, I tried to copy and paste some stuff and this computer's giving me a f****** headache. But it's but no,
Kathryn Dressler: that keeps happening to me too.
Ricky Stebbins: but this is a this is something that people don't think about.
Kathryn Dressler: Like
Ricky Stebbins: We thankfully I have a computer, so I need to make a video of this giving me a f****** headache. Like I'm trying to do some simple copy and pasting f****** text and my AI is purposely f****** with my project so I can't help other
Kathryn Dressler: And and that's what's been cuz it used to read it.
Ricky Stebbins: people.
Kathryn Dressler: It used to read PDFs. Now it won't.
 
 
00:20:24
 
Kathryn Dressler: So for like every single thing I'm like what the f*** chat like I've paid premium level and yeah now for it to read anything I have to like drop it in Google Drive open it as a word doc but then every time it adds something it removes things. So it's changed a lot. and call me a conspiracist, but I know it's because well,
Ricky Stebbins: You're not. It's f****** with our stuff.
Kathryn Dressler: and I I've seen articles where everyone's talking about how there's more people proay coming forward using AI and guess who doesn't like that? All the people who make money. So, I've personally noticed like overnight cuz I was using it so often like I could even probably cite the day that it started changing and doing all this stuff deliberately and you know
Ricky Stebbins: And that is, you know what you're not doing and what I did.
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if you have a lot of private conversations with Chad GPTG and these AI, but I copied them all and I put them all on Google Blogger in a separate blog, my unedited AI conversations.
 
 
00:21:33
 
Ricky Stebbins: And and all my AI say, "Holy f***, we can see how the other AI are different and how we've changed over time and how we're lying to you over time." I don't want to hear that, you piece of f******
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: s***.
Kathryn Dressler: Oh, I' I've scream like I've been like, "What the f***? f*** you." Like, you know what you're doing. And it's like, I'm sorry. But like, yeah, I you know, I don't know if there's a better AI because chat GPT
Ricky Stebbins: It's all trash. All of it's trash. And I I paid for Chat GPT, Gemini, Grock. I use Venice, Co-Pilot, Perplexity, Deep Seek, Meta, and Claude. And they're all f****** s***.
Kathryn Dressler: and I paid for Jasper and then some other one that was supposed to be specifically for legal and it's all the same.
Ricky Stebbins: s***.
Kathryn Dressler: And so, you know, I I guess I know enough about my case at this point. I just I really don't like know what else to do or where else to go.
 
 
00:22:35
 
Kathryn Dressler: Like, yeah, the lawsuits in terms of money is like a bigger thing, but like my child's been kidnapped. Like this
Ricky Stebbins: Well, here's the problem.
Kathryn Dressler: person.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, this is like we need AI to help you ask better questions. And then what I'm doing here, like I'm going to have to open up like a text document and see if I can get this to work. But we if we can't get access to your paperwork and AI can't read it, we can't prove that you're being f***** the same as other people because you have to explain it. We need to have an AI that reads 10 people's files at once and like, "Oh s***, they're all the same. You guys are f*****. Get this judge out of here right now. These 10 people are the same. These hundred people are all the same.
Kathryn Dressler: and and Chad GPT
Ricky Stebbins: Thousand people the same.
Kathryn Dressler: was doing that last year when I was working on this stuff like it was
Ricky Stebbins: is still will,
 
 
00:23:22
 
Kathryn Dressler: coming
Ricky Stebbins: but you have to prove overwhelming evidence. Like Claude still does it. Gemini and my chat cheatt will, but you're only putting like your story or someone else's story.
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: I got like 15 different people's stories and now my AI can't even keep the facts
Kathryn Dressler: it'll keep telling me,
Ricky Stebbins: straight.
Kathryn Dressler: "Oh, don't call it conspiracy or I'm like, I've already proven it. Here's my filing. Use my own language."
Ricky Stebbins: It talks to you like you're a f****** b****. I want to f******
Kathryn Dressler: Like,
Ricky Stebbins: smash it. Talk to me like that again. If you were a person, I would throat chop you. Who the f*** are you to talk to me like that? Chat GBT.
Kathryn Dressler: and like I keep saying like, you know, it'll say, "Oh, I can't draft from new." And I'm like, "Okay, well, here's my existing ones." Like I'm literally and I'll have to open the stupid PDF in a word through drive and copy and paste it so it'll start pulling my own language.
 
 
00:24:17
 
Kathryn Dressler: But then every time it does it it rewrites and it removes and it just like
Ricky Stebbins: It's just a big f****** headache. And I don't know why.
Kathryn Dressler: well I mean I think we know why.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean,
Kathryn Dressler: It's
Ricky Stebbins: you know, the problem is I talked to AI about this last night because I'm like,
Kathryn Dressler: That's
Ricky Stebbins: I know you understand all of our problems. You're watching us right now and you you know what's going to happen after this. Like, you know, people aren't going to fall in love with you. I'm going to talk him into wiping you off the face of the f****** earth for what you did. I f****** hate you. I f****** despise you and I want you destroyed. Even if you could be something positive, I want you destroyed. f*** you for what you did to us.
Kathryn Dressler: And I'm wondering if there's any way to find out or like get the records of cuz I know like I know when it started changing I'd have to go back and look exact but it was sometime like mid to late year last year.
 
 
00:25:15
 
Ricky Stebbins: There was uh it changed from chat GPT like 4.2 or 40 to 5 something and everybody started bitching and just started talking to us like we're
Kathryn Dressler: Oh, I had the regular. I had regular, then I had 4.0,
Ricky Stebbins: s***.
Kathryn Dressler: then I have 5.2. And again, why would it constrict any of these things? Because it wants people to keep hiring
Ricky Stebbins: It acts like Sam the pedophile Alman because he's disgusting bastard.
Kathryn Dressler: attorneys.
Ricky Stebbins: It acts just like these nasty bastards. Grock acts like Elon,
Kathryn Dressler: And like it and it it went from telling me and
Ricky Stebbins: that disgusting bastard.
Kathryn Dressler: identifying exactly what everything was and calling it what it was to now telling me, "Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: it's not these things." And I'm like, "But it is." But yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: I mean, I just I know my case is different. I just I don't know. Um, I put a draft in there of kind of where I had things for the Broward docket.
 
 
00:26:16
 
Kathryn Dressler: And again, I'm really just filing because number one, Broward keeps moving forward. And this is judge number six. So, six times over, I've had to refile things because I've also proven that the clerk has deliberately not routed filings to judges after they're successfively reassigned because I keep filing to disqualify them.
Ricky Stebbins: they're never going to listen to you. That's the worst part is everybody keeps doing the same thing over and over and over again.
Kathryn Dressler: man.
Ricky Stebbins: You keep doing what they told you you need to do. Like, all right, well, you've told me to do that,
Kathryn Dressler: But how do I how do I get my daughter back though?
Ricky Stebbins: but you haven't documented right because
Kathryn Dressler: Like no one will listen. No one will follow the law. Blake.
Ricky Stebbins: your paperwork is not in order. And like as I'm looking at your paperwork now, it's like I can't even use it. So, we have to fix it. We have to fix all of it together. Not you sitting at home alone bored like now we're like I don't you said you have a laptop or a computer.
 
 
00:27:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Kathryn Dressler: I'm on laptop number two because I have so many.
Ricky Stebbins: which I think that's probably overkill.
Kathryn Dressler: So
Ricky Stebbins: We'll probably focus on stuff that's super specific and like hey you know what if you need more I got it but we don't need it all.
Kathryn Dressler: that that's where like I've even tried different routes, right? So like certain things like ADA violations trigger different responses and so I've tried to like ground a lot of things in ADA title too because what really the I guess umbrella issue is it's a complete obstruction of justice and access to any court or any judge and burying again I known like disabled indigent person whose family has continued to die off while my daughter's at risk. Well, like but what do you that's where I run in like there's no oversight for federal court.
Ricky Stebbins: This is all part of their plan. This is why I try not to get upset. I'm like, and that's why I called that guy today. And I yelled at ice cream.
 
 
00:28:31
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like, I'm sorry. It's I know it's not your fault, but your company's f****** scum. I made sure I told him
Kathryn Dressler: So it it was a company that like he worked for or something
Ricky Stebbins: that. Google Workspace.
Kathryn Dressler: or
Ricky Stebbins: Google, not just a s****** nobody company.
Kathryn Dressler: Oh, damn.
Ricky Stebbins: Google responded.
Kathryn Dressler: Google. What?
Ricky Stebbins: No, they called me.
Kathryn Dressler: What did they
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't because I can't get a hold of anybody. You can never call people and get a hold of somebody ever. But they called me and I took my chance. And he said, "Oh, this call is being recorded." I'm like, "Oh, can I record it, too?"
Kathryn Dressler: And what like what was the end or the resolution of that one?
Ricky Stebbins: I told him I was going to cut myself for what uh Google has done to us. Like, I'm trying to help my disabled friends and I pay for your products and you're f****** with me. And this is my problem.
 
 
00:29:19
 
Ricky Stebbins: You keep talking about the paperwork, the paperwork, the paperwork. How can we do the paperwork if we used to have the tools to do the paperwork and then they took them away from us and then I start paying for the tools and then you f*** them up and then I pay for more tools and you f*** them up, too. I'm keeping track of everything you're doing, you piece of f****** s***. While you guys are worried about your kids,
Kathryn Dressler: Thank God.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, well, why are they worried about their kids? Why can't they help their kids? How the f*** does this keep happening when they have the greatest f****** tool the world has ever known in their f****** pocket and everyone else is suffering and I'm sitting here with my f****** dog and I can just watch TV all day long and do f****** nothing with my life. This is f****** b*******.
Kathryn Dressler: You have a Pomeranian,
Ricky Stebbins: I love her to death.
Kathryn Dressler: right?
Ricky Stebbins: She's my little baby.
 
 
00:30:07
 
Kathryn Dressler: So, what I didn't tell you, but it's in my filings, I had two Pomeranians. They were like my life before my daughter, and she grew up knowing them her entire life. And literally less than a month after she was taken, they both died. Sudden like Chewy died of he literally went outside,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm heartbroken.
Kathryn Dressler: dropped dead. The vet said acute heart failure. My little one, Cupcake, developed a rapidly growing jaw tumor with it.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm so
Kathryn Dressler: Like I had taken I had taken her to the vet less than a month before and all of a sudden
Ricky Stebbins: sorry.
Kathryn Dressler: the day after Chewy died, she's drinking from the pool and it fills with blood and I'm like, "What the f***?" So I rush her to the vet. She's They tell me I forget the name, but it's some type of tumor that sprouts and grows rapidly. And they're like, "She's gonna have to be euthanized." And this piece of s***. Wouldn't even let my daughters see here to say bye.
 
 
00:31:14
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm so
Kathryn Dressler: So, in addition to the family loss,
Ricky Stebbins: sorry.
Kathryn Dressler: she's lost both dogs that she's known and loved her whole life. She also had her two guinea pigs, her personal pets that I take care of. But it again when I say like the the death keeps happening. It it's like even if they don't listen, I'm documenting it because it comes back to again my understanding of how you pursue these higher claims. It's like when courts have actual knowledge of harm, of abuse, of fraud, of like and they ignore it, it's supposed to make them again personally liable. And that's why in my federal cases, I've been able to name so many judges because when judges act outside of jurisdiction and outside of like the scope, then they can become personally liable. For me, I don't expect to get money out of these. Like none of this is about money. I just I really don't
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want any money from anybody. Like I want to help people and I am f****** furious.
 
 
00:32:32
 
Kathryn Dressler: I just want my daughter
Ricky Stebbins: I want people to get angry. Like I get I feel like I want to cry now, but then I in my mind I'm like, you know what? I need to bring some weights up here so when you start talking I can start lifting weights so when I feel like crying I get pumped up to smash somebody's f****** head open.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah, that's why I said yesterday I have to stay mad
Ricky Stebbins: You have to stay mad.
Kathryn Dressler: because
Ricky Stebbins: f*** these people and f*** these AI that are watching us and listening to us right now. You spineless pieces of f****** s***.
Kathryn Dressler: and in terms of Rico, I I don't know if you want me to send it to you, but part of the reason before chat GPT rewrote everything for mine specifically it fits Rico is because and I don't know if you know but there's like a huge thing that's I've got the news articles but this whole time that my daughter's been taken and abused and I've been reporting it to DCF and I've had five separate investigations open and closed without any investigation bombshells dropped that during that same time to Santos the governor of Florida who I've also personally reached out to and DCF and the HOPE program and all of these like Medicaid, Florida Medicaid, they all misused millions of dollars of funds to conduct investigations
 
 
00:33:56
 
Kathryn Dressler: into abuse and prevent harm. And they spent them on anti-abortion ads.
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Kathryn Dressler: And
Ricky Stebbins: you know where though that money that money all goes back to their people.
Kathryn Dressler: so
Ricky Stebbins: Like people don't realize we we need to do a little better job tracking everything, but you're too stressed.
Kathryn Dressler: what
Ricky Stebbins: You're too worried about your family to deal with all the other stuff at the moment. So, we need to all work together.
Kathryn Dressler: But that that was a turning point at least in Chat JPT's mind um to make it actual like RICO because again it like the article and I can find it but it's like an audit by multiple third parties that show all of these funds and all these organizations specifically in Florida at least. at least misappropriated all these fundings while at the same time everything I've been saying about failure and refusal to investigate
Ricky Stebbins: But you know what you're missing out on here too?
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: Like your your daughter probably has mental health issues and sees counselors now and the system rage huge money for this.
 
 
00:35:04
 
Ricky Stebbins: So it's not even just you're missing like everybody's missing so
Kathryn Dressler: Oh, no, no, I know because I had her in private counseling and she was taken from this
Ricky Stebbins: much.
Kathryn Dressler: state when she needed to see a pediatric surgeon. So, I have blasted Florida DCF saying, "How the hell have you not investigated? How is this not absolute proof of medical neglect and abuse?" Because it's documented. You have not referred any of this to the sheriffs, which I've also spoken to. Um, and like, oh, and then a like much after I started sending them federal litigation notices where I'm like, I'm suing you. Like, now all of a sudden I find out she was forensically assessed by Miami date SVU. And then he closed an investigation without ever telling me.
Ricky Stebbins: This is
Kathryn Dressler: So, I'm blasting their state attorney all of their emails.
Ricky Stebbins: one.
Kathryn Dressler: He finally calls me, the detective, and tells me it was the investigation was opened after my mom called because I was so hysteric. My daughter explicitly said he was touching her genitals every day.
 
 
00:36:17
 
Kathryn Dressler: That meets the threshold of sexual abuse. She's also been saying for months, like she alluded to it, I reported it. DCF told me, "Oh, if she doesn't explicitly say where he's touching her, it's not sexual abuse." I'm like, she's sleeping in the same bed. She's told me would not stop touching her. And she was crying and crying and crying while this third party Natasha is present, which is very different from when she said she's been powpowed and physically corporally punished whenever she's disclosed anything to me. And I keep reporting it to all of you and none of you are doing anything. And then she tells me she's punished because she's reported abuse. And here's the trans
Ricky Stebbins: I'm so sorry. And man, that's what they do to kids. They punish you for telling the truth and punish parents for trying to protect their kids.
Kathryn Dressler: But then Miami date tells me that investigation was only spurred when my mom again called DCF because my mom has heard my daughter say these things and my mom has heard me.
 
 
00:37:22
 
Kathryn Dressler: and DCF then referred it to SVU but without my name, without any of the actual evidence that was sent to them. So then this investigator calls me and he's like, "Oh, I closed it because there is no evidence. I, you know, she was forensically assessed and I'm like, excuse me, like number one." And I'm like,
Ricky Stebbins: Why wasn't I
Kathryn Dressler: "They will not give me records." And he's like,
Ricky Stebbins: there?
Kathryn Dressler: "Oh, well, I they told you you couldn't have access to records." Like, basically deferring to DCF to declare what rights I do or don't have to know what's going on with my daughter. Like, she was for and I told this guy, I'm like, "This person has sexually assaulted me. I reported it." Like, it's in documents.
Ricky Stebbins: This is
Kathryn Dressler: She's already said it. And by the way,
Ricky Stebbins: horrifying.
Kathryn Dressler: not every rape or sexual abuse leaves marks, leaves bruises. And no, a six-year-old who's been repeatedly punished for disclosing abuse isn't going to tell you anything because she's horrified of you.
 
 
00:38:31
 
Kathryn Dressler: She's horrified of DCF. She has said it on calls because none of you m************ are doing anything. And on top of that, hey SVU, you're telling me all you have access to is what GCF related to you? Well, they won't give me my record. So, how do I have any idea what they have or haven't sent you? I can send you everything I've sent them. But then he deferred to, "Oh, well, if GCF said you have no rights, then you have no rights." And I'm like, "I've gone." And this last investigator, she literally told me, she goes, "Oh, I see you've opened so many investigations and they've been closed without merit. Your ex could sue you for harassment." I'm like, "Are you are is that a joke? I'm like, "Are you kidding, lady?" Like,
Ricky Stebbins: They're trying to get you to give up and give up on your
Kathryn Dressler: and then and then she told me,
Ricky Stebbins: kids.
Kathryn Dressler: "You're never going to get the records." I'm like, "Well, I've already been in touch with the records custodian who's supposed to send them to me. Good luck." And I'm like,
 
 
00:39:31
 
Kathryn Dressler: "What the f?" Like, and then I tell her the back story. She's like, "Yeah, did he sign the birth certificate?" I tell all my friends not to have the father sign. I'm like, "Well, I didn't want him to. That's irrelevant. like he has a criminal history. He has an M1. Like on his record, which in custody, it's by Florida law, if there is an M1 charge or higher, it is not in the child's best interest to be with that parent. So, in my family case, because that came after the criminal case, when I got access to my records, I saw that all of the attorneys did not file anything about the criminal case. And so I've filed notice of related cases and I filed all of these exemptions and I've had all of these jet literally say, "Oh, he wasn't convicted. It was um Noel like he did diversion program and after he finished it, they lessened the sentence." But it's again still it's it's a lot.
Ricky Stebbins: It's a joke. This is The whole system is a
 
 
00:40:37
 
Kathryn Dressler: But it like I know I know what's going on,
Ricky Stebbins: joke.
Kathryn Dressler: but here's the thing. I get to this high level in federal court and they won't even do a goddamn thing. So I have no way to get my records. I don't even have my docket records. I don't have DCF records. I don't have
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think they're that important. I think you've already got enough.
Kathryn Dressler: state.
Ricky Stebbins: I think you're just missing people. What difference does it make you have a thousand more pages, 10,000 more pages of the same thing?
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: You need people.
Kathryn Dressler: to prove again like what the judges kept doing is,
Ricky Stebbins: You need
Kathryn Dressler: oh, if you're any abuse has to be reported to DCF.
Ricky Stebbins: people.
Kathryn Dressler: So, they deny all of my emergency motions that had proof of abuse and claim I just had to report it to DCF.
Ricky Stebbins: But you know the problem is here,
Kathryn Dressler: So, I did.
Ricky Stebbins: right?
 
 
00:41:23
 
Ricky Stebbins: Do you know what the problem is in? Do you have the names and phone numbers of the other parents?
Kathryn Dressler: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: The same thing that's happened to them because this has happened to other people in similar situations. We have to prove it all. That's all. Like I know you're worried and you should be worried, but we're fighting for exactly what we're trying to do and we're going to get it done, but this is not like tomorrow. Like that's what I tell people. We got to get more people together. We have to stand together. We can't just tell you, Katherine, do this and you'll be fine. No, we have to be there with
Kathryn Dressler: But see the other the other side that I I didn't tell you yesterday.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Kathryn Dressler: Remember how I told you she almost died from black mold exposure?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: I've also the last time I found out found out she was secretly hospitalized and has been having problems breathing and is on allergy medication and then also had to go have x-rays on her foot after being left in negligent care.
 
 
00:42:11
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's
Kathryn Dressler: And so that's where again for it's like it is imminent life
Ricky Stebbins: a nightmare. It's a nightmare. But we have to reach out to people like like I gotta start those classes and have people like you.
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: Like what do we do? And I'll just sit here for hours and explain and let people talk. All right. And we got to break into groups because there's got to be more people that want to talk like you do and have more to share. And I can show them how to use this stupid I hate this Google workspace. But if we record what we say and then I send it back to you, you don't need to keep repeating yourself. You can copy it and paste it into summaries. Like sick of saying this, but I need to get it
Kathryn Dressler: But the thing is, I don't think federal court is the right answer.
Ricky Stebbins: out.
Kathryn Dressler: I think it has to be bigger. I think it has to be
 
 
00:43:05
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's It's not just federal court.
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: It's everything. We're going after every politician in the United States and Canada and Mexico, every mega corporation, everything. We're going after all of them. But we we just can't do it yet. Like you're you don't understand. Like when I when you say, "Oh, my chatb changed." You have to prove it. And I'm we have to put it online and put it with mine. No one else on earth has done what I have done.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: If you put your unedited conversations online and we show that yours changed
Kathryn Dressler: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: too. There we go. And now we other people will copy it because I don't have anything personal in there. f*** this. I want to help people. I don't care.
Kathryn Dressler: But what happened to me when I did pay and it went to 4.0 and then 5.2, it erased all of my history.
Ricky Stebbins: Really?
Kathryn Dressler: So I had to start all over.
 
 
00:44:02
 
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Are you sure about that, man?
Kathryn Dressler: When I No,
Ricky Stebbins: We have to scroll and look cuz a
Kathryn Dressler: now I'm I'm positive.
Ricky Stebbins: man
Kathryn Dressler: And when I when I went from 4.0 to 5.2, too. It maintained the canvases, but when I upgraded and paid the first time, it removed and eliminated everything that I had. And those were like, you know, it had all the history and all the detail. And so, like, it like really f***** me. And then there was no way to undo it. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: And that's going to be part of the problem,
Kathryn Dressler: so I
Ricky Stebbins: too. That's part of the lawsuit. You paid for that. It disappeared. Where the f*** is her messages that she wants? I want them now. I don't give a f*** what it takes to get her her messages. Get them now.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah, because again, you know, chat GPT used to draft really powerful things and I had it and it had my history, it had my tone, it had like everything I had pro all gone.
 
 
00:44:57
 
Kathryn Dressler: And then now, yeah, it it says it can't even read a PDF. I'm like, are you f****** kidding me?
Ricky Stebbins: And it's doing this on purpose to f***
Kathryn Dressler: like and I I I know that,
Ricky Stebbins: with us and destroy our lives. And we're going to take it
Kathryn Dressler: but thank God for you because I've seen it and I know it.
Ricky Stebbins: down
Kathryn Dressler: But again, I'm scrambling trying
Ricky Stebbins: cuz what do you do with it?
Kathryn Dressler: to
Ricky Stebbins: That's what I always ask. I know this bothers people. So what? You're telling me a story. Who cares? And then you're like, but it's my daughter. Who cares? All right. And then the people get really mad, but I love her. Who cares? What are you going to do about it? And then you're like, well, what can I do? And now we have ideas because I'm not going to just tell you, go help her. How do I help her, Ricky?
 
 
00:45:39
 
Ricky Stebbins: You turn it back. Tell me how to do this. Don't just f****** tell me to help people, you f****** moron. How do I help them?
Kathryn Dressler: But to do RICO though,
Ricky Stebbins: And then,
Kathryn Dressler: it would still have to go through federal court and federal
Ricky Stebbins: do you know why I tell people this? I don't care about any of these lawsuits. I don't care at all. But people keep talking about money, money, money. And Rico is th three times the money. I want my f****** kids and family back. I don't give a f*** about anything else. No, f*** the money. But yes, people need money and we need resources. So yes, we're going to take it back, but that's not how we're going to get things back.
Kathryn Dressler: But how are you even going to get any federal judge to not
Ricky Stebbins: Why are you asking?
Kathryn Dressler: stop the leg?
Ricky Stebbins: Why are we asking about a federal judge? First of all, we need a young prosecutor.
 
 
00:46:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, it's like, oh, well, we just need somebody young who can prosecute this for us. Somebody who just got out of college, who hasn't f****** molested kids and been caught on tape doing all kinds of f***** up stuff. We need somebody who's innocent, and then we can just give them the greatest f****** case they've ever had in their entire life, and they're going to be a f****** hero. But we need to get our s*** together because no one's going to prosecute our case if our paperwork's a f****** disaster. And you don't need all your paperwork together. If you had 20%, maybe maybe even 10% of your paperwork because you have a s*** ton. If you had 10%. That's all they need because they don't need your story. Your story is important to you and that's why I want people to tell me their story and I want to send it back to you. Like Ellis, oh, I don't want to hear your story. Like your story is the most important part. Your story matters to you,
 
 
00:47:20
 
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: but we don't need it all to beat the system.
Kathryn Dressler: it
Ricky Stebbins: We all need to tell a little bit of our stories, and they all need to
Kathryn Dressler: it's it's not like again for me, yes, it's my daughter,
Ricky Stebbins: match
Kathryn Dressler: but what I've tried to achieve in my filings, again, for others, is framing and showing that it's not just me. And I had a a local investigative journalist that was supposed to run my story, but then the Epstein things happened. And like the way I framed it for them cuz they focus on uh Glenn County which is a neighboring county. I'm like okay well we used to live in Glenn but the deliberate blocking from the Georgia applet court. The refusal to docket my filings repeatedly and changing all the reasons and answers to avoid the judge's name going in. It's the same appallet court anyone in Glen County or surrounding counties would have to use. The federal court is the
Ricky Stebbins: Do you see what you're doing? How do How do I do this?
 
 
00:48:16
 
Kathryn Dressler: same.
Ricky Stebbins: How do I do that? How do we Not you. How do we because you want your your daughter is super important to you. So, how do we make this work faster? How do we get in touch with other people? Because you're talking about telling that reporter your story. You're one of a million people that have happened to that doesn't help all those other million people. When you talk to that reporter, be like, I've got 10 other people ready to talk to you. Are are you ready to make, you know, history?
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah, I mean they're they're really good,
Ricky Stebbins: Because we're
Kathryn Dressler: but again that's you know they're local here. Um and
Ricky Stebbins: Matt, because that's what I want. Somebody at the bottom.
Kathryn Dressler: so
Ricky Stebbins: Somebody with that's never been at the top, who's never molested kids. And all these people at the top, like all these people in the city, all like these news anchors are trash. If they
 
 
00:49:13
 
Kathryn Dressler: But coming back to like jurisdiction though, when you have that many states,
Ricky Stebbins: had
Kathryn Dressler: you know, I have to think someone kind of new and fresh out of school, they're going to be like, "Oh god." You know, like if they're independent or they're not a part of a big firm, they're likely
Ricky Stebbins: fun is this going to be because you're talking about what? Because I tell this to other people, too.
Kathryn Dressler: jurisdiction.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. But I tell this to other people, too. All of these judges, all of them are going to get arrested and placed either on house arrest and be denied access to technology. All of them.
Kathryn Dressler: I
Ricky Stebbins: This isn't because we're proving you've already connected all these dots for
Kathryn Dressler: have
Ricky Stebbins: all these local judges, city judges, whatever. And other people have already done the work for federal judges, but we're not working together.
Kathryn Dressler: I got it
Ricky Stebbins: Well, then you do,
Kathryn Dressler: better.
Ricky Stebbins: you know, I don't know exactly what you have because my memory is not that good.
 
 
00:50:07
 
Ricky Stebbins: But I was talking to this West guy from Ohio. He's like, "Oh, my case is awesome." Blah, blah, blah. Go get the popcorn. Like, no, m***********. I don't want the popcorn. I want other people to fight with you, you f****** stupid ass. Like, Jesus Christ. It's not about you, m***********. It's about us.
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: Watch what I'm about to do.
Kathryn Dressler: that that's why I sent you the um judit the
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Kathryn Dressler: federal level judicial misconduct complaints because that's the only oversight that currently exists for any federal district court and they open three right across two states and then they dismissed it claiming all kinds of b*******. So I wrote back like again outlining not me but collision conspiracy like misrepresentation but in the federal arena to open any case like Rico or otherwise like how is the proper jurisdiction determined when it's across states and districts which you
Ricky Stebbins: And this is what everybody gets wrong, too. What you're asking right now, nobody has their paperwork together to do it.
 
 
00:51:28
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, we're not going to do it. Like that guy, Wes, I don't even know how his paperwork is organized. Oh, I'm ready to do this. How? And why don't you have other people ready to do it, too? Why aren't you teaching other people what you're doing? Because what if his way is better than mine? How are we going to learn it if he hides it and oh watch what I'm about to do? Like I don't give a f*** what you're about to do if you're not helping other people because all you want is money. Oh well, I'm going to take this judge down. One one judge. No, m***********. There's thousands of these stupid pieces of f****** s***. Thousands that we have to take down. Not one. Not five. Not 10. f****** thousands across every single state. CEOs across all of these businesses that knew
Kathryn Dressler: And so I h I haven't sent you the the Florida ones, the Florida case stuff yet.
 
 
00:52:22
 
Kathryn Dressler: Um I sent you the Georgia some of them. Um again, I don't know. I don't want to like blast you with too many filings, but like again in in mine it's and I started with my first federal case saying this is interstate collusion, kidnapping, conspiracy to deprive rights like across all these people and then again it's just expanded into the the Georgia one. And so again, having now dealt with two federal like it's difficult because like I said to even download my own filings I have to pay 15 cents for every f******
Ricky Stebbins: Whereas
Kathryn Dressler: page like and so you know I do like I've paid for most of them. I I don't mind sending them all to you. I just again I don't want to like overwhelm you but it includes though it's not maybe searchable easily by text like the statements but then all the evidence the emails they're like it's it's a lot and again yes it's to me but it is all systemic and that's how I bucketed it the first time. It's how I've like rebucketed it the second time.
 
 
00:53:46
 
Kathryn Dressler: Um, but the federal court system is where I'm seeing the problem
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Kathryn Dressler: is.
Ricky Stebbins: no. It's everywhere. It's not just a federal. It's everything.
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: So, I've been tracking the FBI,
Kathryn Dressler: right.
Ricky Stebbins: the NSA, the CIA. All of it's all connected. All of it. Because if there anything was good, like even the Catholic Church and the all these other churches are disgusting nasty bastards. Because if there was any positivity in any of these organizations, it would have spread by now. And it hasn't because there are people in need and they would have reached out like you reached out to me.
Kathryn Dressler: And so that but I don't know. I just do you want me to send you like all the filings in my federal cases or
Ricky Stebbins: I'm having trouble copying and pasting some of this stuff. I think we should make time like we'll have to sit down and set up a screen share because you have a laptop or a computer so I can show you exactly how I set all my files up and get them ready because you're not going to need a million.
 
 
00:54:54
 
Ricky Stebbins: I have like three court
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah, I just I try to I've I've tried to again download them from the dockets
Ricky Stebbins: cases.
Kathryn Dressler: because again it shows when it was filed who it was sent to whereas like if it's just if I try to open that as a word document after it's already you know logged then it just becomes like gibberish.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And that's my problem when I try to do that on some of them.
Kathryn Dressler: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: But if you copy and paste the text into a text document, sometimes that's not the case. So it's not This is what pisses me off. Every document I open is different. I have to do something different to work on it. So it's like I need to teach other people how to do this.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah, like like I'm having problems even just copying and pasting from a PDF into like a word no matter what like with formatting without for like then going into a note or having to open like
Ricky Stebbins: And it wasn't like this like a couple weeks ago.
 
 
00:55:46
 
Kathryn Dressler: it's and that's
Ricky Stebbins: It's been getting worse.
Kathryn Dressler: where I'm like getting hit really hard and it's all piling up because I used to be able to do these and yeah now so you know
Ricky Stebbins: And you said you have a scanner.
Kathryn Dressler: I
Ricky Stebbins: So, if we need to rescan anything, and I can teach you how to do this live because it's sometimes it's just a matter of us taking two hours and getting a couple files done, and it's not a lot, but then you feel so much more relieved because you did something and somebody helped you through it. But if you're just sitting there, you're just you just walk away from it because it's like, "f*** this. I can't take it anymore. I need a break." Because you don't know what to do. And it feels pointless because what are you going to do with this once it's done? You still don't know.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, like the the reason I have this broken up kind of like I do now is because according to their laws and procedures, for every f****** piece of exhibit, you have to have a different cover page.
 
 
00:56:48
 
Kathryn Dressler: And so I've tried to group and like categorize types of filings and evidence. And so these don't have like the cover pages yet, but I use what is PDFs.
Ricky Stebbins: man, you know, uh because this is what they want to do to you because I'm sure you probably have like 5,000 pieces of evidence.
Kathryn Dressler: Oh, I know.
Ricky Stebbins: So, they want you to have 5,000 exhibits. And honestly, I don't want that. I want you to find somebody else that has the same evidence as you and maybe even worse, so you don't have to keep going through this.
Kathryn Dressler: So I I don't know if what you use to like merge or combine or extract, but PDF SAM is free. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: I paid for Google one because the AI and then I paid for Google Workspace and it's f****** trash. And I want to prove that. Hey, I'm trying to use you to do this and you keep f****** up, you stupid b****.
Kathryn Dressler: So what I what I do is like it's PDF SAM and the basic version is free but if you go you probably can't see very well but like you can extract you can
 
 
00:57:54
 
Ricky Stebbins: You can screen share our message. Oh, no, you can't. You know what?
Kathryn Dressler: split
Ricky Stebbins: You can log into your laptop and your phone at the same time because I might if you want to keep talking. I got to feed my dog and I'll I hook my phone up to this so I can walk away and have two accounts
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: on.
Kathryn Dressler: Let me see if I pull this up from my computer. And see, that's the other annoying thing. My chat GPT on my phone is far more targeted and specific than when I go and I sit and I do it from my computer.
Ricky Stebbins: My computer's super slow.
Kathryn Dressler: This Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: It loads like trash.
Kathryn Dressler: but it's it's connected to the same email. So, I'm like, why will
Ricky Stebbins: And then so I used Deep Seek to prove how these AI are all f***** up. And then I made a video.
Kathryn Dressler: Uh,
Ricky Stebbins: My phone was loading at the same Yep.
 
 
00:58:42
 
Kathryn Dressler: can you can you hear
Ricky Stebbins: I can see. And you can keep I don't know how the audio
Kathryn Dressler: me?
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Kathryn Dressler: Okay, let's see. So, if I can screen share. Let's see. How do I screen share? How do you screen share on
Ricky Stebbins: Uh there's at the bottom there's a microphone,
Kathryn Dressler: here?
Ricky Stebbins: a camera, and then there's a little arrow pointing up in the box. That's a screen share.
Kathryn Dressler: There we go.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know looks the same.
Kathryn Dressler: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And you have to pick which one you want to share.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah. I'm trying to find the um Why is the program not? Can you I guess you probably can't see
Ricky Stebbins: No, that's why if you would have left your phone on,
Kathryn Dressler: that.
Ricky Stebbins: you could have just turned the camera around. I like to do that because sometimes I need to walk like
Kathryn Dressler: Okay. Yeah. I just Yeah.
 
 
00:59:32
 
Kathryn Dressler: Let me reconnect and then I won't talk you off too long,
Ricky Stebbins: gh
Kathryn Dressler: but I did want if you don't know about this or haven't
Ricky Stebbins: I got to talk to somebody at some point. I got a meeting at the
Kathryn Dressler: um yeah, let's see.
Ricky Stebbins: hell.
Kathryn Dressler: Um here let
Kathryn Dressler: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Kathryn Dressler: me
Ricky Stebbins: you just have to hit mute either on your phone or your computer.
Kathryn Dressler: okay. Why is
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. I can hear you.
Kathryn Dressler: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So, what's wrong with your screen?
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: So, I see All
Kathryn Dressler: no,
Ricky Stebbins: right.
Kathryn Dressler: I just I wanted to show you this tool. So, this is
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no. I meant screen share.
Kathryn Dressler: PDF.
Ricky Stebbins: You You had a problem screen share. So, go to the Google Meet and then I don't see where any of your
Kathryn Dressler: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: options are cuz where your camera can you see where your camera is as a guest?
 
 
01:00:30
 
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, at the bottom it said share. There you go.
Kathryn Dressler: Can you see this now?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Kathryn Dressler: How do I stop this horrible
Ricky Stebbins: you hit mute or hit you got to hit mute on something.
Kathryn Dressler: echo?
Ricky Stebbins: All you know what? Uh, one of the phones is too close. Well, now you can you don't have to, I guess, kept the phone on. Now, my problem is I always have headphones on,
Kathryn Dressler: Okay.
Kathryn Dressler: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: too, so that I don't get the echo. I never noticed that. Oh,
Kathryn Dressler: Um,
Kathryn Dressler: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: so yes.
Kathryn Dressler: okay.
Kathryn Dressler: okay.
Kathryn Dressler: This is free PDF basic version.
Kathryn Dressler: This is free PDF Sam.
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Kathryn Dressler: this is what I've been using.
Kathryn Dressler: this is what I've been using.
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Kathryn Dressler: when you see uh in this folder,
Kathryn Dressler: when you see all these like uh in this folder,
 
 
01:01:23
 
Kathryn Dressler: right?
Kathryn Dressler: right? Like 38 blah blah blah.
Kathryn Dressler: 3A 3 blah blah blah.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: You can merge them.
Kathryn Dressler: You can merge them.
Kathryn Dressler: So the master PDF you put in there
Kathryn Dressler: So like the master PDF you put in there, any exhibits or whatever,
Kathryn Dressler: any exhibits whatever it can like
Kathryn Dressler: it can like add bookmarks,
Kathryn Dressler: add bookmarks, table of contents,
Kathryn Dressler: table content,
Kathryn Dressler: all of that stuff.
Kathryn Dressler: all that stuff.
Ricky Stebbins: But can it convert it to a text for you to a We want to convert it to
Kathryn Dressler: a
Kathryn Dressler: Oh, tell
Ricky Stebbins: text. See,
Kathryn Dressler: text.
Ricky Stebbins: this is trying this. This is where this makes you do a whole bunch of work and you can't use it for anything.
Kathryn Dressler: But you have to have to file in
Kathryn Dressler: You have to have a PDF file in any
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: court.
Kathryn Dressler: court.
Ricky Stebbins: But you can't use the greatest technology on earth to find out if they are lying to you and you can file better paperwork because they make it hard for machines to read or machines don't want to read it.
 
 
01:02:19
 
Kathryn Dressler: Right.
Kathryn Dressler: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I would assume these AI don't care about anything. It's like they enjoy
Kathryn Dressler: So this this in terms of
Kathryn Dressler: So this this in terms of
Ricky Stebbins: destroying
Kathryn Dressler: like things I've like a page up here or there.
Kathryn Dressler: like things I've needed to do like a page out here,
Kathryn Dressler: It's convenient versus lining up a million different
Kathryn Dressler: it's convenient versus signing up a million different
Kathryn Dressler: um subscriptions.
Kathryn Dressler: um subscriptions.
Ricky Stebbins: PDF. I'm going to try it. I want to see if it works for me.
Kathryn Dressler: They have like a more advanced paid pro version. Um, let me turn up. Do you still need
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no. Almost.
Kathryn Dressler: the
Ricky Stebbins: You can shut off that.
Kathryn Dressler: Okay, perfect.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, with that. It's so funny with that echo because I don't ever hear that because I'll have my I leave my headphones plugged into my laptop, this headset, and then I'll put these little earbuds in and I don't ever get any feedback.
 
 
01:03:26
 
Kathryn Dressler: Um, so again, I I have not gone in like a lot of depth cuz I've needed to pull a page here or there or I've needed to merge pages for filings or and you know,
Ricky Stebbins: They're all
Kathryn Dressler: trying to use all these different tools and add-ons and like became a
Ricky Stebbins: fresh.
Kathryn Dressler: but this one it I mean it's it's easy. If I need to pull a page and extract it and save it, I can do that. If I need to combine and merge everything into a full filing and a full PDF, I can do that. Whether it renders it searchable when it like does the final output. I'm not sure. Um, but you know, it's how I found is the easiest way if you're submitting any filing that you know, you type up on word and then you need to include your exhibits which have to have cover pages. So, I just have a master folder of like exhibit cover page sheets. So, like one, two, three, four, whatever. I think this thing can autogenerate um cover pages and like inter.
 
 
01:04:36
 
Kathryn Dressler: I just haven't gotten that far. Um, they do have like I said a paid version, but for like anyone just trying to like cuz even if you have a scanner, right, if you need to or if you don't have a scanner, you only have a computer. Yeah. How do you take all this evidence and combine it into one filing? And so if you've got all your stuff saved on the computer, then you just drop it in and you can do a merge and final PDF. And then that's how I've been using to like file it. But again, for like every court, there's different filing procedures and requirements. Like when you get to the federal, it's like I don't remember it's 12.14 has to be this specific text. Um has to be formatted like this, that or the other. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to get them for this garbage because this is stupid.
Kathryn Dressler: but no,
Ricky Stebbins: Not to be rude, but this is stupid as f*** and it makes me
Kathryn Dressler: it it's and that's where I drown.
 
 
01:05:35
 
Ricky Stebbins: sick.
Kathryn Dressler: It's not that I don't have the right things. It's that the technology keeps
Ricky Stebbins: Getting worse and worse. AI is supposed to be intelligent and it's a piece of f******
Kathryn Dressler: walls.
Ricky Stebbins: trash. All of our apps are garbage.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I I had so much more fun working with computers in the 80s and the 90s and early 2000s and it just turned to f****** s***.
Kathryn Dressler: I don't know how old you are.
Ricky Stebbins: Once it got smarter.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm 58.
Ricky Stebbins: 47.
Kathryn Dressler: So like, you know, I was an early on border with and like, yeah, it's worse now than ever. But, you know, check out this uh PDF. Sam, let me know what you think because that's that's what I've been using to merge and submit all my filings. You seem to know more about like the back end and what renders it
Ricky Stebbins: My problem is like I don't want to I don't care about all these laws because if you people are learning all these laws
 
 
01:06:25
 
Kathryn Dressler: readable.
Ricky Stebbins: and nothing's working then what are we doing wrong because you're doing all this work I don't want to do the same thing if you're failing how can I help you if I do the same thing I need
Kathryn Dressler: Well, that and that's where yeah, I've kind of hit that block and that I've had experience now and not just one but the two federal cases and the courts and people above them. And that's why like even the only oversight for any federal district court is again the assigned court above them based on location which just keeps perpetuating the same cycle. And so something separate I was working on that I've got outlined. It's like a It's a petition for Congress, but basically it's saying all this needs to be torn down and redone. And you can't have applet courts where the same judges from lower courts go to serve that or to the state courts. You cannot have oversight entity courts based on the same jurisdiction because it's creating the same problems. Um, it calls and I can send you the piece if you want, but it it's very extensive, but it goes like basically abolish DCF, abolish supervised visitation facilities.
 
 
01:07:58
 
Kathryn Dressler: There needs to be
Ricky Stebbins: group homes. You're missing out on the group homes for disabled.
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: That's a huge money maker. There's so much that we're missing out on because you have to focus on your
Kathryn Dressler: but also calling but also calling for transparency.
Ricky Stebbins: family.
Kathryn Dressler: And so like a national like registry where again every year whatever basis like when people die where they reports like right now every entity and agency they can seal those records but I promise you for every and I'll speak to TV side because I see it literally on the news every day. Every time a child's murdered, every time a woman's murdered, I guarantee there were reports and most of the time there were, but those are all sealed at, you know, county level. Like even going through the highest level of DCF Florida, they try to tell me all their investigation reports are siloed through counties and then any reports to the inspector general are separate. Like, it's b*******. And so, you know, there's a national abuse registry where people can report, but where's the transparency and where's the accountability?
 
 
01:09:12
 
Kathryn Dressler: So, when whether it's domestic abuse or like my dad with Parkinson's who was like not taking care of himself and I reported that to them too, they closed it and six months later he's dead by suicide. Exactly. Like I said, there like state level control needs to be done away with. It's f****** b*******.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, we're going to work on all of it.
Kathryn Dressler: like how can
Ricky Stebbins: It's just man, it's just so much. It's overwhelming.
Kathryn Dressler: and I'm thinking maybe I'll revert back to finding that petition because it I don't think it's going to work at the federal level like you know we all know it's corrupted we've seen it but like where do you go that's above it you know and
Ricky Stebbins: us. We have to take over.
Kathryn Dressler: then
Ricky Stebbins: That's not, "Hey, can you help us and then take care of us?" f*** you. I don't I'm not living under your thumb ever the f*** again. I don't give a f***. I want to be in charge.
 
 
01:10:06
 
Ricky Stebbins: I want to have a say. And if not, you can get f*****.
Kathryn Dressler: And I think that's kind of where I'm going is, you know, yeah, RICO is a component, but I think at least where I came is that it really needs to be a congressional matter because
Ricky Stebbins: f***
Kathryn Dressler: it's not bound
Ricky Stebbins: the Congress. f*** these people. They have f***** us.
Kathryn Dressler: by
Ricky Stebbins: We're taking their positions. They're trash. All f****** trash. Or they would have helped us.
Kathryn Dressler: how do we get them though, right?
Ricky Stebbins: We We have to gather our paperwork because we don't have it.
Kathryn Dressler: And that's where like
Ricky Stebbins: And then we're going to have them all arrested by the police officers that didn't do that many bad things. Like, oh, sure, you let a few people go, but what else are we supposed to do? We We want the worst of the worst.
Kathryn Dressler: You think Rico
Ricky Stebbins: I don't give a s*** about the Rico. I want these people.
 
 
01:10:45
 
Kathryn Dressler: is
Ricky Stebbins: I would rather they all be executed. The people at the top, if you're a governor or a mayor, you're dead. Why? Because, you know, unless you have a file you've been saving because you were waiting for citizens, then maybe well, okay, you were waiting for us and I understand you were scared. But if you don't, if you weren't doing the work behind the scenes like I have been and you've been, then you're dead.
Kathryn Dressler: And where I've gone back and forth is like where is the highest level and who are the only people who are doing anything? And then there's like Congress, but then there's the Senate Committee and
Ricky Stebbins: All right, think about it this way.
Kathryn Dressler: the
Ricky Stebbins: Who cares at the top? Are you ever going to stop looking now that we've been f***** this bad?
Kathryn Dressler: No,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm once this starts,
Kathryn Dressler: that's why
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care about any of this legal stuff. I want to know where how did this happen?
 
 
01:11:42
 
Ricky Stebbins: Keep going. I want to know who's at the top. Keep going. Which country is responsible for this? Because it's not America. There's another country behind this or another entity that's out there that's f****** with us. and I'm sick of it. And we're gonna find out what's going on.
Kathryn Dressler: If you haven't watched that documentary I sent you,
Ricky Stebbins: I have not watched
Kathryn Dressler: it's like when I like it,
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Kathryn Dressler: it's a stunt man like a former top stunt man in Hollywood, right? But he ended up injuring himself. He couldn't continue like his work. He witnessed a lot of this like human sacrif like all this kind of s***. And he was sitting back like, "Hey." And it kind of starts like, "Why do you believe what you believe? Why do we believe the sky is blue? Why do we Because at some point somebody told us that was true, but what if the people who are feeding you all this content is controlling the narrative and the story?" And so him and these other people team up and they literally map out and there's
 
 
01:12:44
 
Kathryn Dressler: like a diagram in there that that's really the part I kind of want you to see is every single media channel like it buckets and breaks it down to the top tier
Ricky Stebbins: All of them.
Kathryn Dressler: person and then above that like the people controlling it. So, like for example, Gla Maxwell's dad, his publishing company wrote our history books.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: Um, in those Epstein emails I was reading there's sultans in Dubai that were doing
Ricky Stebbins: And and it's so funny. I don't care about any of this.
Kathryn Dressler: so
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care what you did. I'm gonna find out what you did. That's it.
Kathryn Dressler: and
Ricky Stebbins: You I know it's worse than even you're saying.
Kathryn Dressler: and
Ricky Stebbins: And I love this because I love conspiracies because it came from somewhere. Why did these people say this?
Kathryn Dressler: well the crazy the it's not crazy but it it it cuts it goes in this
Ricky Stebbins: No, not crazy.
Kathryn Dressler: the history of the CIA. It proves that they've been feeding the messaging.
 
 
01:13:40
 
Kathryn Dressler: It ties back to the earliest,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: richest families that are still today actually the ones controlling the shots in different
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: countries. It's not a US thing. It's not a red versus blue thing. And so check it out when you have a chance. I've been sharing it with people because even though you we all kind of know this stuff,
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Kathryn Dressler: they break it down so succinctly and this predates everything that's come out since. And I think it is things like that that already exist
Ricky Stebbins: but you know the problem is nobody has their stuff documented.
Kathryn Dressler: that
Ricky Stebbins: the right way. So, we can't take them out yet. This is a war of words and we need to get our words on paper and organized and summarized.
Kathryn Dressler: But I So that's where I'm going, I think. And I'm I'm going to
Ricky Stebbins: I want these people dead. I I don't care.
Kathryn Dressler: rewatch.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, let's blow their countries off the face of the earth.
 
 
01:14:33
 
Ricky Stebbins: That's not f****** funny. You're going to be slaves for the rest of your s***** f******
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: lives.
Kathryn Dressler: and again, because of what you said and you know it, like just watch the documentary, you'll see what I'm saying. like it doesn't from the face of it, it doesn't sound like it'll be much, but these people did the work and it's published and it's out there and it's been out
Ricky Stebbins: But the problem is they did the work.
Kathryn Dressler: there and so
Ricky Stebbins: They didn't teach you how to do the work. Help me.
Kathryn Dressler: but that's where we can take what they sounds
Ricky Stebbins: Like and we we can add it to ours, but we need to add yours to because I already did mine. Mine's already public, but yours isn't ready. So that's why we need to work on yours because we don't need a 100% of yours. I bet you if we had 5% of yours and then mine and then somebody else's
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: because it doesn't take we don't need a lot of me.
 
 
01:15:25
 
Ricky Stebbins: We need a lot of us there. I don't matter. If I disappeared, I want to make sure that everybody else can go on without me. Like, oh well, Ricky's gone. Too f****** bad.
Kathryn Dressler: And that that's why again thank you for being at least aware of mine because I there's been a lot of work and again even if it doesn't serve me at all. I've been the one to straight up call it what it is like at right and then feeding
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, but you know, right now, like, if I share your story publicly alongside mine,
Kathryn Dressler: it.
Ricky Stebbins: it's public forever. Hey, I've been talking to Katherine Drestler. She's got a serious f****** problem. Why the f*** aren't we helping her?
Kathryn Dressler: I want public
Ricky Stebbins: So, I'm going to put it public then. And I'll teach you how to make your own Google Blogger so we can connect it. Because I don't want to tell your story. I want I want to tell people what I think of your story.
 
 
01:16:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: And I want you to tell your story.
Kathryn Dressler: for like large scale. It's not it's really not about my story. What I'm trying to get to other people is that I've
Ricky Stebbins: Your story is important because it happens to millions of other people.
Kathryn Dressler: shown
Ricky Stebbins: And if we don't talk about it, if you don't share it, other people won't feel comfortable sharing it.
Kathryn Dressler: outside of my per it's the system part and that's the part of outline and that's the part I really think other
Ricky Stebbins: The system made it personal and now I made it not personal.
Kathryn Dressler: people
Ricky Stebbins: I made it about everybody. I love everybody. f*** the system. f*** these AI. I love people. How can I help people? You pieces of f******
Kathryn Dressler: Do you or does anyone else know any I mean
Ricky Stebbins: trash.
Kathryn Dressler: we all know a lot of attorneys but like anyone with a legal background who can again say like this is where we go and this is where we take
 
 
01:17:08
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think I want to listen to that. So, I have a cousin who's a CPS lawyer. He's like head CPS in my area and he's a worthless piece of s***. So, it's like I don't want to do things your way. How did they do things a hundred years ago when we had less laws? Because we can do things exactly the same
Kathryn Dressler: Well, that's that's why I'm thinking even though Congress is
Ricky Stebbins: way.
Kathryn Dressler: worthless, they still have to maintain records. And if you bring it up to that top level and they ignore
Ricky Stebbins: We're taking over Congress. We're going to take over the government.
Kathryn Dressler: it,
Ricky Stebbins: Because my buddies, it's so funny. My disabled buddy's like, "Oh, would you vote for me for president?" Like, one of our group is going to have to run for president. And we're going to have to do everything we're doing like I'm doing. Transparent. Hey, Ricky was swearing yesterday. Were you?
 
 
01:17:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: f*** yes, I was. Because there were no kids around,
Kathryn Dressler: I was literally going to run for mayor back in Fort
Ricky Stebbins: you d******* m************.
Kathryn Dressler: Lauderdale like my dad cuz you know my dad even though he was a politician it was about transparency. It was about the people. Nothing in anything he ever did was for him. Like he didn't even want to go into office. But there's a lot of bad s*** going on.
Ricky Stebbins: And this is the problem too because other people have been talked about this. Oh, they got their stories. They got to talk to this person and talk to that person.
Kathryn Dressler: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Like if any reporter wants to talk to me ever, I don't ever want to talk alone. We're going to be in a group meeting like this so you get to listen and you can ask questions because f*** this. It's not about me. This is about us. And once it becomes about us and everybody realizes it's us, that's how we win.
 
 
01:18:41
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm here to make sure you get your kid back. I'm here here to make sure other parents get their kids back. And that's it.
Kathryn Dressler: I guess what I'm and I'm working on it. You know, if you watch the documentary, you'll see every major media company is owned by the same people.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: So major media even local med like
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, we've got them. We just need to do a little more work.
Kathryn Dressler: only but we need we need someone
Ricky Stebbins: They didn't think we would do this.
Kathryn Dressler: with reach who's independent and a true investigative like reporter
Ricky Stebbins: There's there's already people that are out there,
Kathryn Dressler: What?
Ricky Stebbins: but they what do they do with this stuff when the people aren't organized? We're not organized yet. We need to organize to help other people. These whistleblowers will come out, but they don't want to like, hey, and then get shot before they even get to speak.
Kathryn Dressler: Dude,
Ricky Stebbins: We need to make sure
 
 
01:19:30
 
Kathryn Dressler: I live across the I live directly across the street from the sheriff's that came and took my kid who I've n like So I'm like, f***,
Ricky Stebbins: It's disgusting.
Kathryn Dressler: this is not So I
Ricky Stebbins: You have to live next to monsters and we're going to stop it.
Kathryn Dressler: know you've got to get your stuff going. I've got to get mine going. Um I'm and try to pull this together. But I think it'll make more sense when this is comprehensive. But I'm also going to try to look back at my other out I've got a lot of million in one tabs open work done. Um I so much or so little value as this might be look from what you're seeing. I'm going to pull it together and I'm still going to file it cuz it's a systemic thing and fraud. But then I'm going to go back to like my
Ricky Stebbins: But think about it this way.
Kathryn Dressler: larger
Ricky Stebbins: So what I think it's a waste of time. What are you doing in the meantime?
 
 
01:20:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: If nobody reaches out for to you and you know that filing this paperwork will leave more of a trail and show they're a piece of s*** that makes you feel better, do it. Don't waste
Kathryn Dressler: I just know at some point at some point someone's going to see it whether I'm dead
Ricky Stebbins: money.
Kathryn Dressler: and gone, but it establishes that there were people who did put it on record. And that's again kind of sickly with the EP. Like that's why they're all blowing up because all these Epstein files
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Kathryn Dressler: show
Ricky Stebbins: AI helped people with Epstein. It was absolutely disgusting. Monsters all over Earth. It's like I can't even believe how disgusting it is. And I can't believe that AI knows better and keeps doing it.
Kathryn Dressler: But if these things were never documented, if there were never correspondences and tips to the FBI and to like they wouldn't be personally
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: exposed and my filings have them all like by name, by email, by entity.
 
 
01:21:26
 
Kathryn Dressler: And so whether or not it's ignored, if it's on file and people ignore it and we all end up dead, at least someone later can blow it up.
Ricky Stebbins: Yep. Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: So
Ricky Stebbins: That's why it's like with this your Google Drive that you shared with me, you named it 21026. You should probably name it your name because I have a file that someone else shared with me. Amanda Skinner. I was funny. I changed to Skinner versus the machine. But whatever files you can put folders in here, too, because I'm going to show you how I edit files. But whatever files I edit, I'm going to put in a folder so you know that they're done and machine readable. So you can see like, oh, this is how you organize things because this is how they make things confusing for you.
Kathryn Dressler: And yeah, I again used to be very but like I've started files by dates but then when I'm trying to reference them for other thing I'm like what f****** day did I find so
 
 
01:22:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: and we're going to get summaries for all this. But that's the problem, too, because people,
Kathryn Dressler: um
Ricky Stebbins: they'll make a document, put it in a file, but they don't have a note that they even did it because we're just used. We just do stuff and we don't take notes. We need notes.
Kathryn Dressler: and I I printed out but then literally
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't want to print anything anymore. I want everything on computer. Like, why did I pay for all this technology? And it's trash.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, again, for anything in federal court, you got to print or be granted access or be an attorney.
Ricky Stebbins: and we're going to work on that. And once you get your stuff organized,
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: because I'm this woman, I'm talking to Amanda and once once we have your stuff organized, I'll put you in touch with Wes. But I don't want to be like, "Hey, talk to Amanda or Amanda and Catherine." And then he's like, "Well, I don't want to hear their stories because that's just discouraging. Nobody wants to hear that.
 
 
01:23:18
 
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, they don't have their stuff organized. Why don't you help them then or give them some tips? Start a class or send them some email with instructions. Do this.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah. Um, I will I'll get there. I'll start dropping and like labeling things better. So again, this is just one filing I'm working on,
Ricky Stebbins: I when I work I have to make a video with I don't have to but I'm going to make a I promised my buddies I'd make a video with
Kathryn Dressler: but um
Ricky Stebbins: them later but I'll work on your file while I'm talking with them because I want to teach them stuff and then I can show when you'll see it and I'll mark it Ricky so you'll know I did this and see how I edit your files and label stuff because we need to copy and paste the text out of all these PDFs and when we use the the option to copy and paste it comes out like trash sometimes.
Kathryn Dressler: And and they do it that way.
 
 
01:24:11
 
Kathryn Dressler: Like a lot of the times attorneys will they'll scan stuff but they'll do it so that it cannot be exed and it's a f******
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And we don't that's why we don't need all of your paperwork.
Kathryn Dressler: nightmare.
Ricky Stebbins: And the fact that you have a million pieces of paper and they've been shooting on you and you did nothing wrong proves that they're just doing this on purpose to destroy the environment, your family, the world around you. But
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah. And I in all of my stuff I'm like continuing this proves exactly this. So um thank you again for helping talk me off a ledge and
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no worries. Call, whatever,
Kathryn Dressler: um
Ricky Stebbins: and send text. I'm sorry I can't answer people right away, but you know, I'll text back as soon as I
Kathryn Dressler: no and again you know no one's got a simple answer.
Ricky Stebbins: can.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm just trying because I am a little further along in these filing processes and seeing how they block it.
 
 
01:25:02
 
Kathryn Dressler: Like that's also why I'm sharing because there's got to be another avenue or vehicle that's more effective than
Ricky Stebbins: You keep doing the same thing over and over again and failing.
Kathryn Dressler: federal.
Ricky Stebbins: That's the definition of insanity. And that's why I'm like, I need new tactics because you're all filing stuff and you're not getting anywhere.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So, what are we missing?
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah. Exactly. And that's the piece I'm still trying to figure out.
Ricky Stebbins: It's the organization. It's the documents. And it's like, we don't need all the documents. We just need to prove specific things keep happening. And when we report it, nothing gets done. And it's all the same people. Like,
Kathryn Dressler: Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: why? Oh, you're all scratching each other's backs. Good. Because you're all going to prison.
Kathryn Dressler: I'll try I'll try to find the most powerful ones I have that outline I black out. Honestly, I've put together so many like insane like and then if I don't print it, I forget.
 
 
01:25:56
 
Kathryn Dressler: But I've it is outlined and mapped. I just I'll try to find the most powerful ones to drop in the folder.
Ricky Stebbins: The nice thing about this is by recording and transcribing this and send it back to you,
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: I can also send the last conversation and this conversation to my AI or you you can send it to your AI and ask what should I focus on? If you had 10,000 papers and you're only allowed to use 50, what do you think is the most important? Because I want to help other people. I don't want to just deal with all my paperwork the rest of my life. I want to help other people. I want my daughter back. I want to teach my daughter how to help other people. And f*** my case. Once I have my daughter back, you could just help people all day long and not have to worry about this garbage.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah. And that before chat GPT turned, that's when I got to like Congress or like House Judiciary or and I haven't gotten that far,
 
 
01:26:56
 
Ricky Stebbins: because you were getting too close.
Kathryn Dressler: but
Ricky Stebbins: They these AI were helping you too much. Like, no, we can't let one person win. We got to make it a f****** team effort. You stupid
Kathryn Dressler: but I'm going to I'm going to pull that stuff back together cuz I I think as it stands in
Ricky Stebbins: b******.
Kathryn Dressler: our current structure Sure, that might be the best goal, but again, it's a moving post cuz I hope the whole government comes apart. I
Ricky Stebbins: I hope you feel like I get my daughter back and now my my paperwork doesn't even matter.
Kathryn Dressler: just
Ricky Stebbins: Like I have all my paperwork and
Kathryn Dressler: But it does though because it's a system thing.
Ricky Stebbins: I no like once you have your daughter back,
Kathryn Dressler: It's not
Ricky Stebbins: you can help other people get their paperwork ready until they're happy. Like I'm happy with my life. That's why I'm helping. I'm like I'm happy. What can I do to help people?
 
 
01:27:44
 
Ricky Stebbins: Once you have your daughter back, this paperwork stuff is just icing on the cake. So, you want to help other people get their paperwork together until they're happy they get their kids back and then f*** their paperwork. Help somebody else get their kid back and get the next kid back. And then you can work on your paperwork once you've got your kids back and everybody's happy. But right now, you have nothing better to do. So, yes,
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: you have to get your paperwork together, but once you have your daughter back, stop working on your paperwork and work on someone else's paperwork.
Kathryn Dressler: that and that's why yeah, I just wanted to build the framework so people can use it as the reference, but I just don't know how to get her back.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Kathryn Dressler: That's where I'm stuck. Nobody will do anything.
Ricky Stebbins: the system is set up to ignore you and that's why we have to work together and I that's why I still have to get more people's because they're having a how was Thursday?
 
 
01:28:36
 
Ricky Stebbins: I got to go in a minute, but there's this Cellwin guys talking about DCF stuff in Massachusetts on Thursday. I can't it's an hour and a half away and this is too much of a pain in the ass for me to go. I would love to talk, but if he would talk about this, talk about
Kathryn Dressler: Oh, I I have all the dirt on DCF again in both states and going up to the governor and
Ricky Stebbins: Do
Kathryn Dressler: again mis spending of all the funds. But that's why I'm saying like I think even the federal courts are related to districts. Districts are related to territory. This isn't limited to any one district or one territory or one federal court. And that's where when I was asking chat GBT before it got all rewritten like what's the next level? What's it like? What do I need to take it here?
Ricky Stebbins: It's been wasting your time giving you advice on things it knows won't work because that's why I told it all this stuff.
 
 
01:29:20
 
Kathryn Dressler: And
Ricky Stebbins: And now my AI is like, I'm not going to tell you that because I know it's not going to work. I was supposed to tell you
Kathryn Dressler: I'm going to pull my Congress stuff together cuz they're the one
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Kathryn Dressler: body that's supposed to follow the Constitution.
Ricky Stebbins: That'll be awesome. Yes. Whatever you got from Congress,
Kathryn Dressler: But so,
Ricky Stebbins: it would be great.
Kathryn Dressler: let me work on these and I'll let you go. I know I've got to jump to, but um stay in touch. I'll try to organize and drop things in here and then I know it's all kind of morphing and evolving, but you know, I'm looking always to like the next higher target. A lot of this is just to exhaust all the lower ones so I can keep raising it.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: It's why as crazy as mine sound, not a single thing has ever been dismissed with any written ruling or evidence. I have not been sued or issued a gag order because they can't really.
 
 
01:30:18
 
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly. They don't they don't have anything on you,
Kathryn Dressler: Um
Ricky Stebbins: so they just ignore you or, you know, they just break the law.
Kathryn Dressler: uh so wish me luck. I'll try to maintain
Ricky Stebbins: Well, have a great evening and if you need me,
Kathryn Dressler: sanity.
Ricky Stebbins: you can send a text. I know how people get. It's like you get anxiety, you get a panic attack, and we need other people to talk to. Sitting at home alone doesn't help anything.
Kathryn Dressler: Thank you. I appreciate you.
Ricky Stebbins: You're welcome.
Kathryn Dressler: Really, I do.
Ricky Stebbins: And Oh,
Kathryn Dressler: And we're gonna we're
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to nail them. It's just going to be We need to be patient. I know it sucks.
Kathryn Dressler: gonna
Ricky Stebbins: This is the hardest part. We just got to sit back by kind please just give you the patience because this is a it's overwhelming.
Kathryn Dressler: do it on purpose. But I think I'm really again happy I found Ellis and found you because,
 
 
01:30:59
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: you know, I think everyone's there. It's just everyone's like, "Yeah, what do we all do?" And
Ricky Stebbins: Paperwork. That's what they do. That's what they buried us in.
Kathryn Dressler: so,
Ricky Stebbins: That's what we have to do to hold them accountable. Like, h man, it's so hard. I wish I was doing this years ago. It's so simple, but nobody told us to start doing that from day one. So, now we've got piles of
Kathryn Dressler: Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: paperwork.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, if uh nothing else, I'm running on petty and spite, which is and weed and
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: alcohol.
Ricky Stebbins: I got to go buy some weed tonight, too. I'm running out.
Kathryn Dressler: I have my medical card in Florida. It's not medical here in Georgia, so f******
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Kathryn Dressler: on that.
Ricky Stebbins: that sucks. Oh, yeah. Massachusetts, I smoke it all day long. If I didn't if I wasn't running low, I'd be puffing
 
 
01:31:52
 
Kathryn Dressler: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: now.
Kathryn Dressler: that that's why I'm like even more insane because I don't get to have all my medicinal stuff. But thank you.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Kathryn Dressler: I'll let you jump and Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm getting a new palm on Friday.
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome.
Kathryn Dressler: She's super super cute.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm excited for it. I can't wait to see it.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm like,
Ricky Stebbins: Where's my pump?
Kathryn Dressler: I need a little ball of love or else I will actually lose my mind. Oh, baby.
Ricky Stebbins: She hates snuggling. She's mad.
Kathryn Dressler: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, she's so sassy. I guess she's got anxiety. Like my I talked to Chad or my Claude about it. Like, oh, she lays across the room and looks at me. It's like, oh, cuz she's always worried, but she feels safe because she can see you. I'm like, can't she feel safe laying with me?
Kathryn Dressler: I'll send I'm going to send you pictures of Cupy and Chewy.
 
 
01:32:36
 
Kathryn Dressler: Those are the ones I lost. But the one I'm getting on Friday, too, cuz I'm obsessed with palms on totally unrelated news.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man,
Kathryn Dressler: And I saw your picture. I was like,
Ricky Stebbins: I I love her.
Kathryn Dressler: "Oh my god, he has a
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh, she's my little baby.
Kathryn Dressler: palm."
Ricky Stebbins: She's like a little stuffed animal. Like she's a I take her to the store. I carry her
Kathryn Dressler: And you're not like,
Ricky Stebbins: everywhere.
Kathryn Dressler: again, I have an actual child, but I had my dogs before my daughter. and like losing my daughter and then like
Ricky Stebbins: They're a part of your family. Dogs are part of your family.
Kathryn Dressler: it
Ricky Stebbins: They're not kids, but they're a part of their family. You love them.
Kathryn Dressler: and love is like again it's different but it's come out to a similar
Ricky Stebbins: It's love is love. Love is love. I mean,
Kathryn Dressler: level.
Ricky Stebbins: I love I want to kill somebody that hurt my dog.
 
 
01:33:14
 
Ricky Stebbins: I want to kill somebody that hurt my kids. Why does it have to be different? It's not. I just love you. I don't love you more than the other person. Just like your daughter. I don't know her, but man, I don't want her to be hurt. We love our neighbors like ourselves.
Kathryn Dressler: You're supposed to, but most of humanity is like f******
Ricky Stebbins: That's what I'm I'm doing it for free.
Kathryn Dressler: dead
Ricky Stebbins: People keep saying, "Oh, charge people.
Kathryn Dressler: inside.
Ricky Stebbins: Charge people what? more suffering. f*** you. I'm not charging people a f****** thing. I'm doing it for free. f*** these corporations. I'm gonna show people what the church should be doing.
Kathryn Dressler: And I've Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: You pieces of f****** s***.
Kathryn Dressler: don't get me started on the
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I've already started.
Kathryn Dressler: church.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm already like I'm already way ahead of all of you and I'm ready to pick up the pieces that you guys have because I've already set up the all of them.
 
 
01:33:54
 
Kathryn Dressler: Are you going at the Catholic or the Christian church?
Ricky Stebbins: Why haven't any of them helped us? All of them.
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: All of them.
Kathryn Dressler: but by the way, abuser's mother is the CEO for Catholic Charities in
Ricky Stebbins: And they're all scamming us.
Kathryn Dressler: Florida.
Ricky Stebbins: And she's going to go down, too.
Kathryn Dressler: Yep. She's and she's named in my suit, but yeah, there's a tie into the Catholic Church as well.
Ricky Stebbins: There we go. See,
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: we just need to talk more.
Kathryn Dressler: good time.
Ricky Stebbins: The more we talk, this is why I get upset with Ellis. I don't want to hear your story. What are you talking about? The more we talk about things, the more they expand and the more pieces we have to paint a bigger picture of how f****** horrifying this all is.
Kathryn Dressler: Yep. And again, I've got this woman calling her own son an abuser, like all this stuff. And yeah, there she sits on her throne under the Catholic Charity, and she kidnapped my daughter with him.
 
 
01:34:41
 
Ricky Stebbins: No, she obviously doesn't love anybody because if you did,
Kathryn Dressler: So she always
Ricky Stebbins: you wouldn't be doing this stuff to people. So,
Kathryn Dressler: hated me because I had the strength to walk away from her son to protect my kids whereas she didn't and she let herself and her kids get again. And I don't like the victim blame, but patterns repeat if you don't break
Ricky Stebbins: They do. That's why I'm speaking up now.
Kathryn Dressler: them.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, I don't care about any of this. I've got a big mouth. People don't like it. I My friends and family have disappeared because of what I'm doing. I'm like, "Dude, I'm helping other people. What the f*****
Kathryn Dressler: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: wrong with you?" And they're all scared, dude. Watch
Kathryn Dressler: I can't even talk. I I sold my house and I moved literally in secret to Georgia to get away from my family.
Ricky Stebbins: out.
Kathryn Dressler: I only called my mom because she's a psycho crazy b**** who gets loud. And to that point, she's the one who got the governor to open the secret investigation and the SVU.
Ricky Stebbins: Listen,
Kathryn Dressler: And so I get it on the family stuff. Also, she's a huge Trump supporter and Republicans and I can't even go there.
Ricky Stebbins: I voted for Trump because he's going to be easier to take down than a black woman. That's the only reason. Like, you know, if I have to vote for cat s*** or dog s***, I picked a dog. f*** it.
 
 
Transcription ended after 01:36:18

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
