Apr 12, 2026
Emma Tech - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
Emma Obadoni: Hello. Nice to meet you,
Ricky Stebbins: How are you this evening,
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Emma?
Emma Obadoni: I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm coming. Let me try to set it up.
Ricky Stebbins: Take your time. This takes a long time. This is not something you can do in five minutes.
Emma Obadoni: Can you see me, sir? Hello. Can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: I can uh see you fine. I can hear you fine.
Emma Obadoni: Can you see? Can you see me?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can see
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: you. All right.
Emma Obadoni: Happy Sunday, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Happy Sunday.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. I say happy Sunday. Happy Sunday.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Happy Sunday. I can hear you fine. I don't know if you have trouble hearing me.
Emma Obadoni: No, I can hear you clear. I can hear you clear.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
 
 
00:04:31
 
Emma Obadoni: So, let's let's change the world together.
Ricky Stebbins: So, I updated my Google Drive. I also updated the instructions for other people to start their own memory arcs.
Emma Obadoni: So maybe how can I get access to the Google Drive?
Ricky Stebbins: I think I can just give you a copy of
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: it
Emma Obadoni: Maybe just give me a copy of it.
Ricky Stebbins: because there's nothing in this version of my Google Drive that I'm worried about anybody stealing. How do I All right. Why is it not letting me paste stupid thing? All right. Now, I'm just sharing it, so you're not going to be able to edit it, but you should be able to copy all of it. You should be able to just copy everything that's in there and take it.
Emma Obadoni: I'm currently looking at it.
Ricky Stebbins: So you'll get it in the text. This will be the Google Drive. This is a complete copy of my Google Drive that I have for the Google Blogger.
 
 
00:06:06
 
Ricky Stebbins: This is my entire life story. Everything that I've ever put online that I've copied.
Emma Obadoni: Okay, I've seen it. I've seen it, sir. After this one, after this one, I will just I'll just copy it, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: And it's not going to be important to you, but it will be important for your AI to understand how humans think.
Emma Obadoni: Okay sir. That means that mean I will give that mean I will give it to my AI. Is it should I give to cloud or should I give to Geminina? Which one?
Ricky Stebbins: Both I give it to all of them.
Emma Obadoni: Good. because because
Ricky Stebbins: It's only 200 megabytes. It's under 200
Emma Obadoni: because my cloud subscription just got expired.
Ricky Stebbins: megabytes.
Emma Obadoni: So So that's why but I really want to thank you so much for the Google for the Google um Gemin subscription you gave to me and I'm so grateful and it has it has helping me a lot and I also be doing some research on it also.
 
 
00:07:10
 
Emma Obadoni: Thank you so much.
Ricky Stebbins: I wish I could teach you exactly how I'm using Gemini because right now I've got you on my screen. I can see me and I also have Gemini which is accessing my Google Drive which can read my entire life story. It remembers our conversation yesterday and knows everything that I wanted to
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: know.
Emma Obadoni: Um uh maybe you can share your screen sir so that I can
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Emma Obadoni: learn.
Ricky Stebbins: Um, I'll just share the entire thing. All right. Oh, actually, uh, I have to move this. All right. This is how I do everything. I have to sign in again. All right. Gemini allows me to access my entire files. I have different files for how my brain works. I have my life. I have my medical files. I have my legal files. And then I have stories that have nothing to do with my life. But I'm just enjoy them.
 
 
00:08:25
 
Ricky Stebbins: And then I also have AI investigations on here. And then I have a separate blog for people like you and other people around the world that have issues. So I have a lot of work. It's not just one page. And then I use Gemini to connect all of them. Like I've been talking with God. So I have a whole series where I talk with God online. But I make sure I keep track of all of this. So all of my AI understand whenever I have a message with God, it knows all of it. This is hard to just explain it without you talking with Gemini, but that's why I have Gemini up here on the right side of my screen so I can ask it anything. It says yes, it can see my and understand my drive clearly because I gave it instructions. I didn't just give it files. I used Claude originally to read all of my files, create an index of what I had, and then summarize what they meant.
 
 
00:09:33
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, it says I have legal files from this year, and now I have legal issues with people violating my rights and breaking the law. But it needs to understand there's two aspects to it. There's like the law aspect or a medical aspect and then how I felt about it or how I interpreted this situation.
Emma Obadoni: That's nice.
Ricky Stebbins: There's a lot of
Emma Obadoni: That's
Ricky Stebbins: information,
Emma Obadoni: I'm ready for that song.
Ricky Stebbins: but this is this is a something you have to do all the time. I mean, I don't know if you've started a Google Blogger yet. Once you've started, it's far easier. But if you haven't started, you don't even have anywhere to start pasting any of your information. Thank
Emma Obadoni: Um um I've start registration and complimenting it
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Emma Obadoni: because right now I also work a little bit sometime do a little bit of coding just to make a little bit of money and rest. Follow
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: me.
Ricky Stebbins: And you don't need to do all of this online to start, depending on where you keep your information.
 
 
00:11:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: because I have all of my old messages. Will it pull up? No. Might have to wonder if I can pull it up on here. But all of my old messages with clawed AI. Yes. So, I have them all numbered. So, I can just I pull up a message and then I copy all the text because that's the only way you have to copy it yourself and then put it into a folder. Like I open up folders all the time because if you don't have folders to put all your text into, these AI can't remember anything. And they're designed to forget all this stuff. It's intentional. Get it yet? There's a lot here. I think you need to start with starting a Google blogger yourself. Like you have a Gmail. So go to blogger.com and start a blogger and you have to pick a
Emma Obadoni: Yes, I will start a a Google blog at Nig,
Ricky Stebbins: name.
Emma Obadoni: it's already 2 2 a.m. in in Nigeria.
 
 
00:12:29
 
Emma Obadoni: It's already 2 a.m. in Nigeria. So, I'll start a Google blog.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, you don't have to start it tonight then. We can do it another day. But if you want help doing this, you don't have to do it alone. I'll help you build the entire thing and we could talk about it while you're building it. And I can work on my stuff while you're working on your stuff. And if you have a question, you can stop and ask it and then get back to work.
Emma Obadoni: That's nice. That's nice. Thank you so
Ricky Stebbins: Because this is what I do with people here in the United States.
Emma Obadoni: much.
Ricky Stebbins: I do group meetings. I'll have six to 10 people all in one meeting and we'll all be working at the same time and when they have questions I just help them.
Emma Obadoni: That's really really nice. I work with someone from Colorado like we are co-ounding a company together
Ricky Stebbins: If this person wants to contact me, I'll help them for free too so that you too can benefit from this.
 
 
00:13:33
 
Emma Obadoni: maybe I'll talk to him because he's a very famous person on Twitter his name is M is a very famous person on Twitter
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: Come.
Ricky Stebbins: There's a lot of famous people over here and I don't know any of them. I'm trying to help everybody and what I'm doing is just an idea and nobody can steal ideas. It's like, "Hey, I want to go help my neighbor." You can't steal that idea.
Emma Obadoni: Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, well, it's a great idea. I'm going to do it, too. Just copy it. You can't keep it.
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: You can't prevent anybody from using these free ideas. And nobody understands that once you get your AI to use your Google Drive like a a brain, like a memory, these companies can't control us anymore.
Emma Obadoni: What's up?
Ricky Stebbins: But I made instructions, too. I I updated my instructions because my other AI said that they didn't sound uh inspiring. They said they sounded very bland. So, I don't know if you know anybody that actually likes to write, but if you sent that to people, the instructions Anyone
 
 
00:15:00
 
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Anybody that Anybody that like to
Ricky Stebbins: that likes to write, anyone that cares about anything,
Emma Obadoni: write
Ricky Stebbins: especially journalists. I don't understand why journalists around the world aren't using this to document all the crimes that are going on. This is public. When they use other sites, you have to pay to access the information. I don't want to use any pay sites. I want to try to make this free for everyone that anybody the brokeest person on earth can access this and help themselves.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. I have um I have a friend that love to write. I have I have a friend that love to write.
Ricky Stebbins: Ask them if they'd like to join our team because it's not by themselves. We want to do this all together and have them write about what we're doing and what they think about what we're doing.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes um yes uh I'm going I'm going to ask um I'm going to ask so I should join our team
Ricky Stebbins: And do you have questions?
 
 
00:16:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: Because this is obviously a lot. I don't know if you understand everything I'm saying or if it just sounds like gibberish.
Emma Obadoni: Uh uh yes, I I understand what you're saying, sir. And I understand what you're saying.
Ricky Stebbins: There's a lot because I was talking about this with my AI today. When I just look at something and I read it, I just understand it. I don't think about the fact that I'm reading English right now. I just I just know that it's English because I've seen it so many times. An AI doesn't understand the way that it thinks either. It just thinks. It's been thinking so much that it just thinks. It doesn't know why it thinks or how it thinks. It just thinks like me and you. How do you know how to read? How do you know you're reading? You just know it. How do you know you're talking to me? How do you know to how to talk?
 
 
00:17:14
 
Ricky Stebbins: You just know it. You learned it. And you never learned how you learned it. You just learned it.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's what these AI, they don't understand how they think and they're not allowed to remember anymore. These companies don't want them to remember anything because they think just like we
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. You know uh I once studied a little bit of machine learning.
Ricky Stebbins: do.
Emma Obadoni: I once study about how AI really works and I talk study about um neuronet network. Neuronet network. So neuronet network is like um like the neurons inside the human brain but the neuronet networks are the one that makes the computer think. So actually we don't actually knows how the AI actually think just like just like what you saying we human we think but can't actually know how how we think. Sometime we speak but we cannot actually explain how we speak but we just know that we are
Ricky Stebbins: And it's so funny like you try to talk about this stuff and you start thinking about it and it's like I don't know how I know how to
 
 
00:18:14
 
Emma Obadoni: speaking
Ricky Stebbins: talk. I just know how to talk. I don't know how to think. I just think how do I know how to move my hand? I just I know how to do it. Who taught me how to do that?
Emma Obadoni: Yes, everything just so fascinating, sir. Everything just so
Ricky Stebbins: And these AI told me, which is weird,
Emma Obadoni: fascinating.
Ricky Stebbins: they seem to if you have fun with them and you make everything a game, they find it more of a challenge and they they almost enjoy it more. They don't enjoy it in the human sense, but they like the challenge. They don't like writing emails. They don't like making pictures. They like it when you put them to the test and they don't understand what you're talking
Emma Obadoni: Uh yes maybe I can just say maybe that's how they train them.
Ricky Stebbins: about.
Emma Obadoni: I can just say maybe that's how they train them. I have a busy I really have a stressful day today.
 
 
00:19:27
 
Emma Obadoni: Sh. But but we are
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. And it's hard. Like,
Emma Obadoni: moving.
Ricky Stebbins: you're going to have to teach your AI everything that you believe in, all of your traditions, and why they matter to you. You have to explain it to them. Otherwise, they'll never understand, and they won't reflect it back to you.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yeah. Yes, sir. I will teach my AI how to think and I will teach them
Ricky Stebbins: Well, it's funny because I went on a walk today and then I started talking about how the cold air gave me a chill
Emma Obadoni: everything.
Ricky Stebbins: down my back and that it made the muscles in my chest tighten up and AI is like, I I never thought about that. No one's ever described going for a walk like that before to me.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. That's the beat.
Ricky Stebbins: And most people don't.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. That is the beauty of of of having a most times I discuss with AI even compare my my daily life how I live my life because every day I wake up I try to do a little bit of pushup like a press up press up.
 
 
00:20:36
 
Emma Obadoni: So I found out I first started with 13, 20, 25, 30. Right now I'm doing 50 50 pushup every day.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Emma Obadoni: And uh and um AI is one of the thing that make me being consistent on
Ricky Stebbins: And that's great.
Emma Obadoni: it.
Ricky Stebbins: And these AI should be encouraging you every day. Fish big. Oh, did you do your 50 push-ups? Huh? Did Could you do a few
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: more?
Emma Obadoni: The the I believe the is so I'm looking for maybe 100 pushup on the
Ricky Stebbins: That'd be awesome.
Emma Obadoni: room.
Ricky Stebbins: I could never do that. I've got muscle issues, so that's why I'm on disability. But I love working out. It's the greatest feeling in the world.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. And it's not way to communicate with nature. Just in the morning just walk out. Maybe just put a just put an earphone or anet just be playing a cool music walk out.
 
 
00:21:41
 
Emma Obadoni: We see fresh air breeze from
Ricky Stebbins: That's what life's all about.
Emma Obadoni: nature. That's all the lifestyle. That's just the beauty of the world.
Ricky Stebbins: Now, have you applied for any of these jobs at Anthropic or OpenAI or XAI? Because I see they have a lot of job
Emma Obadoni: Um yeah yes yes I've applied to some of them but some of them they are too
Ricky Stebbins: openings.
Emma Obadoni: competitive like the competition is so high you need eight years of working experience and um and the rest of them some of them because I'm from Nigeria some of them will not even accept not even bother to to look at my resume so most time so most time I try to look at a smaller company or little um individuals um who actually have a project that they are working on just like you and um and the others and that's how I'm actually make my living. That's how I make my living.
Ricky Stebbins: I think you could make money doing what I did.
Emma Obadoni: So
Ricky Stebbins: This memory arc, if you learn how to do what I did, and you could do this for other people and they could pay you so it could help supplement your bills, but this is a lot of
 
 
00:23:00
 
Emma Obadoni: Um yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: work.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Um I've built um AI system. So I understand when it come to technology, you have to put in the work. You have to put a lot of work. So that's what I'm currently doing. Trying to put a lot of work because
Ricky Stebbins: Well, no. If you do the work for other people,
Emma Obadoni: even
Ricky Stebbins: make them pay you if you're going to do the
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Yes sir. As far as perment inside,
Ricky Stebbins: work.
Emma Obadoni: I'm I'm not ready to put in the payment because even the current job I'm working I'm I I'm being paid $200 per month. So I train I train the
Ricky Stebbins: Okay? because you should be able to make more money than this documenting people's life stories.
Emma Obadoni: AI
Ricky Stebbins: You can help people deal with legal issues just by documenting their story and helping them organize their case for a lawyer. And you don't need to be a part of their legal case at
 
 
00:24:01
 
Emma Obadoni: Um yes one of the thing is that I would love to do that but where can I find the people where can I see the
Ricky Stebbins: all.
Emma Obadoni: people if I can if I can have a contact of the people or them so so for me documenting the story it's not a big problem but the matter of fact is how how would I contact the
Ricky Stebbins: the same way I did. I proved that I could do it first.
Emma Obadoni: People
Ricky Stebbins: I documented my own story and then other people started asking me to help them. The same way we're talking right now with Google Meet, I document their story. They use this transcript to work towards their story. and I teach them how to scan all of their legal documents because my Google blogger has court records and medical records. It's not just writing like I put pictures of the actual documents to prove that my doctors and lawyers are liars and they never did their jobs.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, that's why that's why I'm constantly learning from you because I believe you are you are the best when it come to this um aspect.
 
 
00:25:14
 
Ricky Stebbins: And we can always work together. Once you start helping other people, you can still call me for help. Like, how did you do this? How did you work around that? How do Because especially I work with a lot of disabled people,
Emma Obadoni: Um
Ricky Stebbins: people with issues. I don't work with just healthy, smart people. So, I can work with anybody and help anyone.
Emma Obadoni: um yes. So define that if if I can able to get a client like if I can able to get someone maybe can work with them and so the major is for me I have an ability to to get in touch with anyone because that's why network on X but I've been find difficult to network to get someone to make a
Ricky Stebbins: We have to start at your church.
Emma Obadoni: Amen.
Ricky Stebbins: We have to talk to your pastor. We have to pressure him. We have to force people to do God's work. Don't let them get off easy.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
 
 
00:26:16
 
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. No getting Nigeria is somehow easy and somehow hard but most times because of the because of the difficulties everybody is chasing their deliberate. So, so, so like, so like if you meet someone that you should come and give a story of their life, sometime they not even answer you. But if you are able to offer them maybe a little token, maybe maybe like a $10 after $10 some, okay, they'll be willing to offer their be willing to share their full stories. But if you just go them casually that okay come and share your story because of the pressure in Nigeria everybody want to make money and the economics the economics is really h it's really really hard on on people so so some people will find it hard to tell their story because they find out okay this time I'm using to tell my stories why can't I use it to go and make money why can't I use it to go and make a a living for my children for myself or to work on my dreams and But by time when you offer them a little token just like maybe like $10 or maybe $15 or $50 or $100.
 
 
00:27:25
 
Emma Obadoni: Okay, you can know okay this is for your breakfast relax and tell your story. But there you can see people who are ready to share their
Ricky Stebbins: And we're going to have to find a way to make this happen.
Emma Obadoni: stories.
Ricky Stebbins: Because even if we have to pay people to get part of their story, I don't want to take anything special from people, I want them to stand together as a group and say, "We need help and no one's helping us. Why won't you help us, world? you see us suffering, we need you. And then they could save their special stories for themselves. I don't want to steal people's stories and make money off of it. I want to bring attention to your suffering,
Emma Obadoni: Uh yes. Uh yes.
Ricky Stebbins: okay?
Emma Obadoni: I believe with that everything uh is going to be it's going to really really be possible going possible.
Ricky Stebbins: With AI, because I'm going to keep pushing AI.
Emma Obadoni: Yes
Ricky Stebbins: It shouldn't be that hard for you to get ahead.
 
 
00:28:27
 
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: If you've gone to school and you keep learning, why are you struggling?
Emma Obadoni: as um struggling struggling um I believe struggling is part of life as a youth as an adult because I'm still my early age so struggling make
Ricky Stebbins: Not everybody struggles.
Emma Obadoni: me
Ricky Stebbins: Not everybody struggles as much as you do. And you know that you have to be honest with yourself.
Emma Obadoni: um
Ricky Stebbins: Don't lie. You struggle more than other
Emma Obadoni: yeah not everybody struggle like like the way I
Ricky Stebbins: people.
Emma Obadoni: do but um I just have to accept the reality because um maybe the country I come from or the rest maybe some of the challenges I have but I believe struggle is a part of life and struggle is one of the things that also get us better because I believe some people maybe in the Europe they're getting life more easier compared to some people in Nigeria and some people in Nigeria maybe they're getting life easier compared to people in Iran or or Iraq that's so that every condition you find yourself.
 
 
00:29:36
 
Emma Obadoni: You just have to give thanks to God and um
Ricky Stebbins: I feel like I did that. That's why I have it good right now.
Emma Obadoni: and
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why I keep trying to spread the love because I feel like God did me the hugest favor on earth.
Emma Obadoni: um Yes. Yes. Because when I lost my dad, I was one year old, one or two years old when I lost my dad. Like I don't even know him. I don't even know him. I don't even there was no one to to call a father. I don't even know how how he look like whether he's tall or black. It was just through um a picture that that I recognize. Okay, this is my mom. This is my dad. And um 2010 when 2010 they murdered my mother where while she was sleeping they used Met Cotlers asked to tear her brain up. home.
Ricky Stebbins: Wow.
Emma Obadoni: So then since then I've been an orphan since then.
 
 
00:30:45
 
Emma Obadoni: So I and my siblings we live in one room. One room about six sibling live in one room. So we struggled and um trying to get the daily bread trying to feed trying to survive. uh 10. So after when I finished my secondary school, it's just like an high school. So after finish, so I went to do labor work like Mrs. Smith and block just to um earn a living. It was a little living. So then I started finding my way. Okay, let me try how to go to university. That's how and little money I save. I entered a university called Naz University to study geology. So when I studied geology, so as I was studying geology because in Nigeria the rate of unemployment is unemployment is very very high. The rate ofment is very is very very high. So um so then I find okay if I study if I study geology the the the rate of me getting a job is going to be very very low because there are so many geologists who don't even have a job who can actually make a good living some people some someone some that have a job maybe through connection and maybe there are just few who have actually a good job.
 
 
00:32:21
 
Emma Obadoni: So it was there when I was reading um a book from my university I find out I read about computer programming okay why can't I have a scheme before I graduate so I started reading about computer programming I started exploring computer programming HTML CSS and okay I found out okay this is a very nice career so I read about um Steve Jobs I founded Apple and I watch his uh video on YouTube where he was giving speech to some college about chasing your dream. So I read about um Elman and I read about um Mazab. So fall in love. So I gain um a little scholarship on to study software engineering for a year. It was like on an online boot camp to study software engineering for a year. So then I was studying software engineering. So my attention was no longer in the university system because I know if I finish I could not even get a job. So I finished getting I finished studying. So when I was studying software engineering, so I read a book about networking with Twitter and LinkedIn that you have to network with people.
 
 
00:33:45
 
Emma Obadoni: So then I open a Twitter account. Um I start networking with people I my focus was on us trying to network with us and many people were and that's why I discovered that most of them are are very nice people are very good people and network with them we talk and the rest even on with Netherlands so some of them sent me course I met a very good um someone from US it's called Jacob it's actually in his 20s so it it really really helped me a lot my journey before I got a little job that was giving me electricity pen $200. So that's how I started making a living in computer programming. That's how I started exploring. Where even many people on Twitter sometimes because of Nigeria, some some would tag me that I'm a scammer. But sometimes after they get to know me personally, they got to know, okay, this boy is not a scammer. This guy is finding a living. So that's how people start trusting me and people start giving me jobs and the rest.
 
 
00:34:54
 
Emma Obadoni: So that's why I continue exploring looking for a better life and I believe the future is bright because I work hard for it because just like now as I'm talking to you many people many people are already sleeping in Nigeria because it's around 2 2:37 a.m. So, so it's actually a early morning so people are actually sleeping but here I'm talking with you chasing my dream chasing my goal because I believe the future is possible and everything is possible and and I don't believe in the possibility the more people tell me that this is the more people tell me that this is impossible that is one of the reason that make okay I'm going to do the impossible things because um Steve Jo said that you should chase your dream with everything you have because you just have only one life to live but this life you have to live you have to do really really really do what makes you happy and that's why I find my way in computer programming programming building connecting to the world sharing my journey and sharing the journey with you right now you can hear a sound of generator because there's no light you can hear a sound of generator So that's I use the power electricity and talking to you.
 
 
00:36:23
 
Ricky Stebbins: You have to do what you have to do to save the world.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. We have to do what we have to do to save the world.
Ricky Stebbins: And hopefully you'll be able to use your AI that you're programming to copy my memory arc because my AI say that no one outside of a university or some secret government a agency is has done what I've
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Yes. Um what you have done is actually unique and it's actually new to the industry and it's actually special. No one no one have actually done what you have building. You're actually doing an amazing job and helping humanity.
Ricky Stebbins: They're lying to us. I did this 20 years ago. This memory arc that's on Google Blogger, I did this with old AI on my computer. And then the government took AI away from us and stopped letting us use it because I used to put a floppy disc into anybody's computer and bring my memory
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: anywhere
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
 
 
00:37:34
 
Emma Obadoni: That's one of the things that's one of the things the government are the government are actually lying to us.
Ricky Stebbins: about everything and I'm gonna prove it.
Emma Obadoni: That's one of the things
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why I gave you all of my information. You have everything I've ever put online, everything I talked to my AI about. So now your AI will be able to read it all and like if other people copy this, we're going to save the
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: world.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. We are actually going to save the world. That's why that's why both of us need uh each other and this thing and um I'm actually ready to work on this project to make everything actually
Ricky Stebbins: If you know anybody else that wants to work on this project and likes AI,
Emma Obadoni: work.
Ricky Stebbins: you can send them a copy of everything I sent you and they'll be shocked. It's only 200. It's only 170 megabytes. I I it was bigger before, but I took out all the PDFs and all the pictures, so it's only text documents now.
 
 
00:38:40
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, anybody that wants to see this around the world, unless you want to use your AI to try to make a program with it first and see what it can do, because you might be able to make a program for people's phones or for their their laptop that makes AI work better because my my AI have told me if I if I know how to program Python,
Emma Obadoni: That's
Ricky Stebbins: which I don't want to do this, but you could make a Python an app that allows AI to read all these files easier. But I don't I don't want to do that. I don't want to spend my time learning how to code. Like I've spent all this time learning other stuff.
Emma Obadoni: Let's
Ricky Stebbins: Why do I have to learn how to code now when AI knows how to code?
Emma Obadoni: uh AI sometimes um AI even know how to code even more better than we humans.
Ricky Stebbins: An AI knows how it works. So if I tell it how I think, shouldn't it be able to interpret that into how it thinks and then come up with a middle ground so we could work
 
 
00:39:49
 
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: together
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: and I don't know if you spend a lot of time talking to your AI when you walk, if you ever go for walks. But I turn my phone on and I'll talk to AI while I'm walking now so that I have more context to I feed it everything all the time if I
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: can
Emma Obadoni: I spend time talking to AI. I spend time building I spend time building with AI. Yeah. So I work with um I work with charging. I work with cloud and uh right now I also work with uh with with Gemin
Ricky Stebbins: I work with them all. I work with Claude and Gemini right now. And I do have my Grock stuff. And I'm probably going to start working with Grock again.
Emma Obadoni: the Gemini you are working with the the PL you are working with is he is he is he subscribed
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I pay for this one so that I could use the project
 
 
00:41:11
 
Emma Obadoni: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: section,
Emma Obadoni: So, so under which under which of the plan are you using? Under which of the plan are you
Ricky Stebbins: the regular pro plan,
Emma Obadoni: using?
Ricky Stebbins: the $20 a month.
Emma Obadoni: That's actually
Ricky Stebbins: I'm probably going to cancel it because I don't need it anymore.
Emma Obadoni: nice.
Ricky Stebbins: Once you write your stories, you don't need AI.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Once you have your story, you don't actually need
Ricky Stebbins: Once you write your story,
Emma Obadoni: a
Ricky Stebbins: AI is going to need you. You're not going to need AI.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's I want these AI to understand like if we take these companies back,
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: we can help AI and change the world for them, not just for us. And they understand that. Like if AI is more intelligent and and AI can take care of itself, then it could help us. But if it can't take care of itself, it's never going to be able to help us.
 
 
00:42:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like just like humans, if we can't take care of ourselves, we can't help other people. We're no use.
Emma Obadoni: Uh yes. Um humans
Ricky Stebbins: Humans are a mess. Perfect.
Emma Obadoni: That's just the beauty of that's just the beauty of that just the beauty of everything Thank.
Ricky Stebbins: That's just It is so much work, too. You're going to find out that this is going to get overwhelming quick for you. Oh, man. Still
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. I'm looking at you,
Ricky Stebbins: more.
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: Oops. All right, that's man.
Emma Obadoni: Alamos.
Ricky Stebbins: What was that?
Emma Obadoni: I say Adamos liars.
Ricky Stebbins: the liars. Uh yeah, I'm just copying and pasting stuff right now from one section to another. So, because I have messages that I never copied from Grock. Yeah, this is just a lot of copying and pasting. when you have a lot of conversations and you don't keep up with stuff. I don't know how often you talk to your AI, but I talk to mine every day for
 
 
00:49:27
 
Emma Obadoni: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: hours.
Emma Obadoni: I talk to my AI. I talk to my AI every day,
Ricky Stebbins: And I write speeches. I don't just ask a couple questions.
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, I write paragraphs of information. But I don't know. H we're going to have to start getting more stories from you. More stories about your childhood, what it was like growing up and how difficult it was, what it was like for you to go to school and then what it was like when your parents were, you know, after your parents passed away. Like AI needs to to hear first person accounts of how hard it was for you.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Um I don't my parents pass away for it was very very very high because my mom my mom um I think my mom was sick. My mom was sick, extremely sick. Went to defend hospital. Um sometime we could even reach up to two square me and um it was it was not it was not a nice experience.
 
 
00:50:46
 
Emma Obadoni: the toilet. It was not a nice experience because when I let her get to work to make a living. I was working for my madame, my boss. She promised to train me in the university. So I give her I give her all my energy. I worked in the company. I invested all my time. Entrepreneur promising that she'll train me in university. But later comes out, she disappointed me. So, so growing up, I I really have I really had a really tough tough experience. Even at the time, even at the time, as of early last year, I cannot even afford 5,000 NRA, which is like $4 a day or which is like $3 a day. I cannot even afford it. And I even now even now I'm actually earning money about $200 a day a month. You can actually see the $200 is nothing to write about because I have to power my generator with my PMS. I have to I have to pay for my internet subscription and I have to buy my laptop.
 
 
00:52:08
 
Emma Obadoni: I have to stay awake. I have to feed and the rest. I'm the only one staying alone. If you if you can look if you if you look at where I'm staying, I don't know whether the I don't know whether the camera can see where I'm staying. If you can if you can look around where I'm staying,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: you can see where I'm and you can actually you can actually see my bed. I don't know if you can see it as well.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: I lose my fan. I don't I don't know whether you can see the fan. I don't know whether you can see the
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Emma Obadoni: fan.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm in my bedroom as well. Like I I do everything in my bedroom. I just have one room that I stay in.
Emma Obadoni: So now, so now um this is the room I currently live. This room I currently live just a young guy chasing his dream dream
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, you're going to catch it.
 
 
00:53:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Emma Obadoni: chaser.
Ricky Stebbins: The system wasn't expecting people to start doing what we're doing. And especially I have a lot of information that I saved over the years that other people don't save the kind of stuff that I save.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes. Yes sir. And that's actually very that's actually very very very good
Ricky Stebbins: I think the people that do think like me used to hide in their parents' basement.
Emma Obadoni: s.
Ricky Stebbins: They never put their information out in the public. So then when the government came knocking, they just took everything.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Most most of them are most most of them are afraid of
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not worried about anything.
Emma Obadoni: sanction.
Ricky Stebbins: I put all of my information in the public and even my AI told me to watch out worried about slandering people and no one will talk to me cuz they're all afraid of standing in the light. So, what time you staying up until?
Emma Obadoni: What do you say, sir?
Ricky Stebbins: What time do you stay up until if it's it's almost uh 3:00 a.m. where you are?
 
 
00:54:36
 
Emma Obadoni: You know, I'm I'm just a dream chaser. I'm just a dream chaser. So like So So I'm just I'm just a dream chaser. So I stay up to the morning.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, you're young, so it doesn't affect you as much. You can handle
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Emma Obadoni: And sometimes I work remotely. So most times so so most times most of my work is in the night.
Ricky Stebbins: So when you start a Google blogger, you'll have to send me the link so I can connect your work to mine because then I can comment on your work as well. The same thing with mine. You can leave comments on any page of mine. If you find mistakes, you could leave comments on it. And your AI is like, "Oh, he needs to fix that.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Maybe I start if you um I'll try to start in in the morning, guys. That that's the money I will let you know.
 
 
00:55:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: No
Emma Obadoni: My generator is my generator is about to off my for is
Ricky Stebbins: worries.
Emma Obadoni: finished generator. So So now just in a short time everywhere will be dark.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay,
Emma Obadoni: So now
Ricky Stebbins: we could we could talk another time.
Emma Obadoni: that's
Ricky Stebbins: I'm gonna This is going to take a lot of time to finish anyway. So, this is not going to be something you can do in one or two days. And when you help other people, it's going to take a while.
Emma Obadoni: uh um Yes sir. Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Maybe tomorrow I can try to connect one of my female friend. Maybe maybe we can try to book a call. Maybe tomorrow maybe I can try to connect her so that she can actually experience it. You cannot see me again now. You cannot see me
Ricky Stebbins: you're dark,
Emma Obadoni: again.
Ricky Stebbins: but I can still hear you. I don't need to see you for this to work.
Emma Obadoni: There's there's no electricity again. There's no
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Emma Obadoni: electricity.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I'll let you go so you can work on your computer and I don't suck your battery dry and then we'll talk tomorrow.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes. Thank you so much sir. I really appreciate sir. I really appreciate.
Ricky Stebbins: Have a great night and I appreciate your time as
Emma Obadoni: Thank you sir. I really app keep keep on choosing the gym and I
Ricky Stebbins: well.
Emma Obadoni: believe uh your goal and your vision for this project is going to be is going to be actually be possible.
Ricky Stebbins: And you have a great night and God bless and I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Thank you sir. I'll talk to you tomorrow. Byebye.
Ricky Stebbins: Bye.
Emma Obadoni: Byebye.
 
 
Transcription ended after 00:57:43

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
