Apr 19, 2026
Emma and Somto - Transcript
00:00:03

Somto Chigbogu: Hey, how are you
Ricky Stebbins: Hello guys.
Somto Chigbogu: Ricky?
Ricky Stebbins: How are you this evening?
Somto Chigbogu: Good evening.
Ricky Stebbins: Good evening. Oh, just you and me. So, your camera's not working. I don't know if you can see me.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I can see you well. I can see Lou and Clay.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. Did you get any writing done? Did you get to check out all the information?
Somto Chigbogu: Can you hear me? Hello? Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. Yeah. I didn't hear you very well.
Ricky Stebbins: I have the closed captions on so I don't know if you have the closed caption option as well. So when I can't hear you, I can read what you're
Somto Chigbogu: No,
Ricky Stebbins: saying.
Somto Chigbogu: I I don't have a closed caption. Like I I can't see a caption over here on my
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Somto Chigbogu: phone.
Ricky Stebbins: You should have the option. I don't know if you've ever used it.


00:01:01

Ricky Stebbins: It's along with this share your screen option. There's usually three dots.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I just like to read what people are saying as well as listen to them when they
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. Uh uh I'm coming.
Ricky Stebbins: talk.
Somto Chigbogu: Let me check whether I can see uh captions. I'm coming. Okay. I think I've seen the captions. Now just say a word. Let me know whether the caption can
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. It just shows it shows what you're saying as well.
Somto Chigbogu: show.
Ricky Stebbins: So when you misspeak, it lets you know that you said something that it misinterpreted.
Somto Chigbogu: Exactly. It's It's showing It's showing right now. I can see it now. I can see the options. The captions
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Somto Chigbogu: now.
Ricky Stebbins: I love this option and I I use this for people that are hearing impaired or visually impaired. They have options using these different devices.
Somto Chigbogu: That's That's perfect. I can see I can I can see it's it's it's showing here and it's nice actually.


00:02:00

Ricky Stebbins: So, I haven't heard from Emma in a few minutes. He wrote an hour ago saying he didn't get the email, but then he said he did get it.
Somto Chigbogu: Oh, really? Yeah. I think he me and told me whether I got it.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Somto Chigbogu: I told him that it came in but I think it came in late though. I think it came in uh 30 minutes
Ricky Stebbins: I sent it again.
Somto Chigbogu: ago.
Ricky Stebbins: It should have sent in last night like late, like as soon as we got off the call, I sent it to you guys.
Somto Chigbogu: I think Emma has
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Emma Obadoni: Can you hear me,
Ricky Stebbins: Mr. Muscles.
Somto Chigbogu: joined.
Emma Obadoni: sir? I said nice to meet you, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: How are you doing this evening?
Emma Obadoni: I'm doing I'm doing fine. I was a bit walking before. Eyes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: So, did you get to do any writing today?
Emma Obadoni: Um yes um I'm writing about it before I join this video call.


00:03:10

Emma Obadoni: So so so once I'm done with this once we are done with the with this call I'll continue with the writing. I'm writing a lot. So just like for me to post it I'm done with the writing just like for me to post it. And also um soon to is also writing also. So maybe we are done with it. I will do posting. There's been a lot and uh and um
Ricky Stebbins: And you'll have to send me I'll need
Emma Obadoni: and
Ricky Stebbins: links to your blogger so we can connect them together.
Emma Obadoni: um yes immedately we are done with this. Yes. Immediately we are done with this. I will send the link to my blo blogger. I've already I've already create my blog and also my YouTube my YouTube is also ready. So we done after we done with this I'll just post it then send me the the blogger and so that everything will be connected together.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Emma Obadoni: So how how is life in the US?


00:04:15

Ricky Stebbins: Boring.
Somto Chigbogu: Why do you say
Ricky Stebbins: There's nothing to do.
Somto Chigbogu: that?
Ricky Stebbins: They force us to do nothing. They take away all of our
Somto Chigbogu: Really? Why do you say so? Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: options.
Somto Chigbogu: today like today really I think we just want to like hear how it is for you over there like really know like hear from you your pain points know the good and the bad because that is really what I want to hear today Mr.
Ricky Stebbins: There are no jobs over here. and all the options for schooling and education are all go nowhere opportunities.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. Why do you say
Ricky Stebbins: like the all the mega corporations like Walmart and Stop and Shop
Somto Chigbogu: so?
Ricky Stebbins: around here, they only hire low wage, low education workers. They never pay them what they're worth. Even though they work these people like slaves there, it's absolutely terrible. All the big names like Lowe's and Home Depot are big into construction around here.


00:05:22

Ricky Stebbins: There's a lot of construction all the time. But now they hire all low wage, low education people and then treat them poorly and they have no opportunity to advance ever. Our system is so corrupt. I had to write stories about it. And this is why I used AI because I can't tell you how corrupt our country is all in one conversation. It's beyond anything that anybody can even comprehend how bad things are. Anybody that comes to the United States that feels like they have it great are just surviving better than the person next to them. We're all just surviving. We're not thriving.
Somto Chigbogu: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody is thriving at all. They're poisoning all of us. All of our food is poisoned. All this manufactured food in the United States is absolutely disgusting and will make you sick. And we all know it and there's nothing we can do about it. All the mega corporations own all the major farms. They have all the power.


00:06:40

Ricky Stebbins: They're backed by all the banks. So people right now just do what they're told. Then the people that get ahead are the people that are willing to s*** on the little guy. The only way I can get ahead is if I s***
Somto Chigbogu: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: on people. And I will I refuse to do that. I will not s*** on people to get ahead in life. I grew up in the Catholic church. I grew up believing that we're supposed to help our neighbors. We're supposed to love our neighbors like we love ourselves. And right now I sit around all day looking for people to help. And if I call the church, they won't set up an opportunity for me to help large groups of people because it'll destroy what they're doing. You know, the Catholic Church is absolutely disgusting. It's just a corporation designed to make money.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, true. That's very
Ricky Stebbins: Like if they cared,
Somto Chigbogu: true.
Ricky Stebbins: they'd be spreading peace and love around the world.


00:07:47

Ricky Stebbins: it would have already happened.
Somto Chigbogu: It's business to
Ricky Stebbins: They're all liars. It's all business to them and it's all a lie and we can hold them accountable for that.
Somto Chigbogu: them.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not funny. In the United States, there's laws against this, but nobody realizes that we can do something about it, but we have to do it all together. And I'm not sure what the laws are in Nigeria, but I'm going to start looking them up because I want to fight
Emma Obadoni: Yes, son.
Ricky Stebbins: together. The Catholic Church is operating in Nigeria. These mega corporations even with AI are operating in Nigeria and then they have access to your medical records and your legal records. And I don't know how much of that is legal and how much of that is supposed to be allowed and how much we can hold them accountable. A lot of this if we have friends, if we can get people in Europe, Europe European laws are different. We can drag the Europeans into this and force them to fight our cause for us with their


00:08:52

Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: laws.
Emma Obadoni: Because um uh the the um European Union they actually have a strong laws. have a strong and we are some we are doing something great not just for the present but future and even for our unborn generations is coming because um just just like you said in the US that poison food because most of the food are are not naturally made most of the food are now processed meat and not processed meat which which is not actually good for the body just like a big big
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah,
Emma Obadoni: doing synthetic meat from the lab.
Somto Chigbogu: sure.
Emma Obadoni: How can you produce meat from the lab when you have natural natural animals that can actually give you can hear me? Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Cut out for a second,
Emma Obadoni: What I'm saying that how can you Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: but I can hear you.
Emma Obadoni: What I'm saying that how can you produce meat from the lab when you actually have animals has grown naturally which is not good. And that's why you see our forefathers like five years like 50 years ago 100 years ago they live longer than us and they more healthier because they eat natural food organic food.


00:10:23

Emma Obadoni: They not depend on synthetic or lab or processed meat. But some of the food you have now is junk food mixed with chemicals and mixed with everything. And that's why you see the rate of cancer is growing every day. The rate of unknown diseases is growing every day because because all this meat
Somto Chigbogu: Hello.
Emma Obadoni: they immune system actually weaken our immune system. So we coming up with this project is actually a way to to educate people. Okay, look at this is the danger of this thing. This is how AI is going to help us. This this this is how AI had able to help Wiki recover. This how AI has able to help a man recover. This how AI has able to help recover. So, so we so we educating people around us, writing about this and this is actually a big amazing um a big amazing project, amazing journey that is going to attract world um world attention if we truly continue on it and um and we setting up an NGO on it.


00:11:31

Emma Obadoni: So it will be a nonprofit organization actually the nice step to go about it because I've been researching and some of the method you told me. So I remember that image you sent to me sent me an image and an image.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Emma Obadoni: Ricky,
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't get the email about the NGO yet,
Emma Obadoni: can you Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: but I did send you my stuff last
Emma Obadoni: You Yes. she sent me some stuff.
Ricky Stebbins: night.
Emma Obadoni: So, I placed it on my AI. So, I've been learning a lot using the Google Gemini, been learning a lot and um it's it's truly amazing. The project is truly amazing and that's why I got so to involve and involve and I'm getting so many people involved on this project.
Ricky Stebbins: So I updated my GitHub page to mirror my computer page. So when you want to learn how to copy, actually I can share my screen.
Somto Chigbogu: the Germany pro. I'm trying to like see how I'm going to the Germany Germany like how how can I access the Germany


00:12:38

Ricky Stebbins: See
Somto Chigbogu: pro.
Ricky Stebbins: is you should have it should just activate if you got an email and from me and you just accept it and now you can just use
Somto Chigbogu: Wait,
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Somto Chigbogu: I'm coming cuz I'm trying to I'm trying to see. Well, you added my you added added my email to yours, right?
Ricky Stebbins: I added uh your email to my family plan and let me actually I should be able to check
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: on my phone to see if you accepted it.
Somto Chigbogu: He said I should upgrade to Google AI Plus. That's what it's telling me.
Ricky Stebbins: Let's see plans. All right. It says that your invitation expires. You didn't accept the invitation, but it shows that Emma accepted my invitation.
Somto Chigbogu: Oh, okay. Oh, I think that's the
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. So once you accept it,
Somto Chigbogu: reason.
Ricky Stebbins: you'll get more memory. Not that the memory is not going to matter because I only use right now my entire story is only 200 megabytes.


00:13:59

Somto Chigbogu: Oh, really?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. smaller than people think and I have a ton of information. So once people start writing about their stories, we're not going to have companies complaining about memory issues. People aren't going to have to pay for gigabytes and gigabytes of memory when you talk to AI. And it only costs it takes 200 megabytes over a year and a half of talking every day, which is a lot of information. Like I don't understand how I don't understand how this was possible. Like it's such a small amount of information. I thought that this would actually amount to something. I thought I would have gigabytes and gigabytes of text about my life. But that's not how human lives work. That's not how our memories work. All right. But if you can see my uh Yes,
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, you
Ricky Stebbins: this if you see my Yes,
Somto Chigbogu: do.
Ricky Stebbins: it shows that now uh you joined my family group now. So now you can use Google Gemini Pro and it will start.


00:15:28

Ricky Stebbins: It's going to take you a little bit. You're going to have to get to talk to it, but it'll help you do what I'm doing and help you do it for teach other people to to do the same thing. But I mirrored everything I'm doing in GitHub. So it's on my computer. It's on this GitHub. So people could copy the same idea and start
Somto Chigbogu: on your on your guitar,
Ricky Stebbins: small. And I I sent everybody copies of my GitHub.
Somto Chigbogu: right?
Ricky Stebbins: It's and that's the same as my Google Drive. Now that we got the family plan, you'll see in the Google Drive the shared version of my memory arc. So you have all of my information. You have my entire life story. Like if I ever died, you could just take my entire life story and tell it. Like he gave me everything. So now I'm telling his story.
Somto Chigbogu: on your on your Google Drive. On your Google Drive is there right now cuz I'm trying to know how I'm going to Okay.


00:16:26

Ricky Stebbins: Oh, so I can pull up the Google Drive.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So you go like the you'll have the shared drives once you click the Google drive will pop up and but since you can see my screen I don't know if you can see the camera in it too. You pop up Gemini on the side when you have a laptop. Gemini allows you to have conversations, but you need to keep track of your conversations if you want it to stay consistent. I number all of my conversations. I don't use this particular Gemini often, so there's only two conversations here, but the other one has 10, and I labeled them one through 10, so I don't I don't forget where I'm at.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Now, a lot of people are going to hate this because I give away every single idea I have ever had is free for you to use and to help other people with. I don't I don't care. Like I don't want to make money off this for myself.


00:18:04

Ricky Stebbins: So if you guys feel like you need to make money and and however this works, you guys make the money and I want to work because I'm getting disability. The United States pays me to do this. So I'm going to keep doing this for free.
Somto Chigbogu: Wow.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Um
Somto Chigbogu: In my head. We is he's is he's is trying to show us his Google Drive. Blick is trying to show us his Google Drive. Like I
Emma Obadoni: Um yes we can we can I can actually download it from GitHub. I can actually download it from GitHub.
Ricky Stebbins: You can't download it from GitHub. It should be able
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes. I can actually download from a developer.
Ricky Stebbins: you
Emma Obadoni: I can just access it from from GitHub. So I will just download it from GitHub. Can you hear me sir?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear you. So, as long as you can download everything and you can have access to it


00:19:21

Emma Obadoni: So
Ricky Stebbins: all.
Emma Obadoni: uh GitHub is is the fastest. So I'll just a command I will download from I'll download file from GitHub. I'll just unzip it. Unzip it.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. I sent you another invite to the ark something.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah. Yeah. You sent me an invite to my Gmail to the Gmail,
Ricky Stebbins: So, so it it it should just pop up like I don't know why it
Somto Chigbogu: right?
Ricky Stebbins: doesn't I I don't understand
Emma Obadoni: So, so um sonto have you accept the Google the Google
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Why?
Somto Chigbogu: Yes. I accepted.
Emma Obadoni: Gemini?
Somto Chigbogu: I just accepted. I just accepted this uh 4 minutes ago, but he said he sent another one again. I can't see that one now in my Gmail. I'm inside my Gmail now. Inside my Gmail.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, it shows that you're connected now. You should go into your drive and you should just see me.


00:20:55

Ricky Stebbins: It's in the the shared drives, not into your personal drive. It got to be shared drives. Nobody I don't have anything shared in this one,
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: but
Emma Obadoni: Um, Mr. Vicki, can you send me the the link to the to so that I just download it more faster than for me?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Mr. Mr.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Your signal is cutting in and out a little bit, but I can hear you and I'm sending that link now.
Emma Obadoni: Okay, just send me the
Ricky Stebbins: All
Emma Obadoni: link. Okay, I've seen it.
Ricky Stebbins: right,
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I sent it. Perfect.
Somto Chigbogu: All right. Um, I just downloaded Google one Google one uh listing. Uh,
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Somto Chigbogu: but I'm trying to see Google Drive. You said Google Drive, right?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And Google Drive would be uh I didn't
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. Okay. I just saw the me I just saw sent to me now.


00:22:32

Ricky Stebbins: share drives.
Somto Chigbogu: The message just came in now. It said Ricky's
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Somto Chigbogu: AR.
Ricky Stebbins: that's my that's my entire project. That's all of my text documents.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I have PDFs to back up all my legal documents and those are online. I have these are just for AI. So all the documents that go with this are on Google blogger in public.
Somto Chigbogu: Ricky, this is my true
Ricky Stebbins: So anytime I had a legal issue now the the public can see this and now it's ready for AI to attack the system. Every single lawyer I've ever talked to in the United States has been a liar and violated my rights and helped the system suppress me. And they've done it to other people. Every single person around them. And now I'm going to hold them all
Somto Chigbogu: Wait,
Ricky Stebbins: accountable.
Somto Chigbogu: wait, I understand. Ricky, are you the one that wrote this? The search for our daughter. Are you the one who wrote it?


00:23:48

Ricky Stebbins: Which one?
Somto Chigbogu: the the 1994 the search for our
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no.
Somto Chigbogu: daughter.
Ricky Stebbins: That's uh a friend of mine died in 1994 in my city and they did nothing to to try to solve her
Somto Chigbogu: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: case.
Somto Chigbogu: Oh, so sorry to hear that.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, this is disgusting. Like Emma was telling me about the the murders going on up in the north of your country. Why is no one doing anything about
Somto Chigbogu: Oh man,
Ricky Stebbins: this?
Somto Chigbogu: those ones are just uh they're just being mean they religious fanatics actually. Those ones is just religion, you know, trying to suppress the the Christian side of the whole the we we we in the south we're Christian. So the Christians in the in the north is the ones they're trying to suppress.
Ricky Stebbins: We shouldn't be killing anybody anywhere for any reason. Like that's not what God put us here to do. God didn't put us here to murder each other.
Somto Chigbogu: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: And I want to use AI to stop it.


00:24:53

Ricky Stebbins: We should AI's killing people on Iran now because it's given people better information to to make it easier to murder. No.
Somto Chigbogu: Peace.
Ricky Stebbins: Like we we can go to the United Nations with this, but we need to get together. We need to prove we're we're sick of this because we already know the United Nations is corrupt.
Emma Obadoni: So Mr. Ricky um I have downloaded all the document from from GTO.
Somto Chigbogu: Wow.
Emma Obadoni: So I have access to all the document from
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Emma Obadoni: Gtop.
Ricky Stebbins: That's a lot of information and and it's going to be a lot of information for your AI to
Emma Obadoni: Mr. Ricky can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: sort. Yes, I can hear you.
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: Wow.
Emma Obadoni: So I've download all the all the document from GT so and everything. So yes yes yes a single click
Somto Chigbogu: much.
Emma Obadoni: that's I told that that's I told that GTO is the best to download it from. So can you hear me?


00:26:03

Somto Chigbogu: Yeah. Loud and clear.
Emma Obadoni: So that's why that is that why GTO is the best place to download it from. It's just a single click. Just a single click. So there's no need to be clicking everything. There's no need to be clicking everything. So I will unzip it and find a way to send to you if you cannot if you cannot download it or or I will show you how to download it later.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I emailed you a link to my GitHub as well, Santo. So this way the information is out there. Once it's out there, they can't hide it. Once people learn something, you can't unlearn
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, true.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. So the word
Ricky Stebbins: Hello. I can hear
Emma Obadoni: you can hear me.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Emma Obadoni: So I have access to all the information. So it's more easier for me to just a single click I load it to my different AI. So and also me I will start writing about it posting daily and um find a way.


00:27:51

Emma Obadoni: So, so today um Santo presented with a document about about the registration of about the NGA NOS's and the rest. So, can you hear me? You can hear me? So,
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: um I believe so by this night so I'll be writing I'll be posting I'll be writing and be posting I will send you the link. Mr. Ricky, can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear you
Somto Chigbogu: Hello.
Emma Obadoni: So,
Ricky Stebbins: fine.
Emma Obadoni: so I will be writing I'll be posting likewise um soon to be writing I'll be posting so that um the work can get started right now right away there's no need for too much stories there's no need for too much because I believe execution is the
Ricky Stebbins: And you can you can post pictures on Google Blogger too. So adding pictures will help. But when you post a picture, write a description for AI of what you're what you're taking a picture of.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: And
Emma Obadoni: And um Google Gina can generate can generate pictures and it can also generate a little short video like 8 seconds video.


00:29:05

Emma Obadoni: Um that's actually that's actually the best.
Somto Chigbogu: Are you
Emma Obadoni: So um so everything is ready.
Somto Chigbogu: hear?
Emma Obadoni: So the next stage so after the writing the next stage is getting is getting to talk to people and uh everything. So Mto today presented the document about the registration to me. So I think we should show it to you. I'll send it to I'll send you on Twitter. Let me send it right
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Emma Obadoni: away. Don't if you have something to say, you can you can say to Mr. Let me kill you.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah. Can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you fine.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. So, basically, uh it's simple. Uh I I compiled all the documents like that we need for for all the like what will cost us to every breakdown of what we need to make this. Oh, are you can you guys hear
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you. And I've talked about this with my AI before.


00:30:25

Somto Chigbogu: me?
Ricky Stebbins: If you look inside of my project, you're going to find that I tried to start a nonprofit organization and was looking towards having the the trustees and having the diff. You have to have different people representing different groups. You can't just have, you know, just a bunch of white people in a in charge of an organization.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So, we have to have different representation.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, that's true.
Emma Obadoni: So, Mr. So, Mr. Ricky, I've sent it to you on Twitter. I've sent to you on X.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: I've sent to you an X.
Ricky Stebbins: So, yeah, I'll just have to I'll I'll go over this and I share everything with my AI and we'll just make it happen. And if there's more too, like I don't know. I don't know what all the laws are. I don't know everything involved, but I love figuring everything out. So, I don't just assume anything. I dig into
Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir and also sir we talk about


00:31:57

Ricky Stebbins: everything.
Emma Obadoni: the okay something is not around maybe it's nice to have a poor internet connection area.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, we can wait a moment for him.
Emma Obadoni: So, all right.
Ricky Stebbins: How far away does he live from you?
Emma Obadoni: Um it looks like um like 8 hours like it like 6 hours journey on on car.
Ricky Stebbins: That's a long drive. Six
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: hours.
Emma Obadoni: Because he lives in the capital of Nigeria like the capital of Nigeria is Abuja. Abuja. The capital state of Nigeria is Abuja. Just like the capital of lake of US is Washington DC. So the capital is Abujam. That is capital city of Nigeria.
Ricky Stebbins: And what is the name of your city or town?
Emma Obadoni: So me my the name of my city I live is Oka Oka. Oka.
Ricky Stebbins: And I live in Springfield, Massachusetts. if you look that up.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Is in the is in the eastern part of Nigeria.
Ricky Stebbins: I live uh the basketball hall of fame is in my home city if you like


00:33:36

Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: basketball.
Emma Obadoni: I like basketball. I like basketball and I also like footballs and also like football and I also
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. The New England
Emma Obadoni: like and I also like playing love song. I don't listen to love song. I love listen to echon. Do you know about echon? I love listen to echon.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: I I love listening to Beyonce.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Do you know Beyonce?
Ricky Stebbins: Beyonce
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: Acon.
Emma Obadoni: And I also love listening to um this rapper Ken West.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Ken West.
Ricky Stebbins: Kanye.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, I love listening to Ken West also. And also there's a gospel um there's a gospel preacher in US I love so much. Um, I've forgotten his name. It's black. He said, "Bishop TJ." Bishop
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't seen him
Emma Obadoni: TJ.
Ricky Stebbins: yet.
Emma Obadoni: Bishop TJ. As you listen to Bishop TJ, he's a very He's a very popular a bishop, a black a black bishop in United States of America.


00:34:49

Emma Obadoni: He has a white beard.
Ricky Stebbins: Bishop Talbert Swan is from my area. He's a black bishop.
Emma Obadoni: That's nice. That's That's nice. That's nice. And also,
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I don't know if STEL is coming back,
Emma Obadoni: sir,
Ricky Stebbins: so I don't know. if you want to schedule another meeting or it's no big deal because you guys got to write. If you guys don't write and post something, we got nothing and no one will ever believe us. Let go. It's just
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes. I will I will start writing.
Ricky Stebbins: Ricky.
Emma Obadoni: So So in the morning I I will have something to post in the morning because right now it's already in the night. So I've already documented my writing just for me to post and send the link. Post and send the link. So I have everything will be connected.
Ricky Stebbins: And then I need to show you I copy these messages. I put this on YouTube and I put the transcript on Google Blogger and in GitHub so AI can use


00:35:57

Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. And uh also yes there sir you you talked about a phone a phone we can actually to record the moment that we interview people and the rest.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, because if you have a better phone, because right now your camera looks like it's 1980s and I and what and somebody sent me this camera, so I can't complain. Somebody gave me this camera, so I have a nicer camera because of somebody else. But once you have nicer equipment, all of this is going to look very
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: professional.
Emma Obadoni: yes. So um we I've I've researched on phones I've I've phon which which phones do you have in
Ricky Stebbins: You should probably use the the new Google 10,
Emma Obadoni: mind?
Ricky Stebbins: whatever that new the newest phone is that they have.
Emma Obadoni: So I said how how can we not get it sir?
Ricky Stebbins: You're have to give me a couple days to figure out how to pay for it in your country and have it sent to you like cuz


00:37:11

Emma Obadoni: Um um uh yes I've research what about in
Ricky Stebbins: it
Emma Obadoni: Amazon
Ricky Stebbins: Amazon I can probably do it and I as long as I can make sure I can ship it to you. No problem.
Emma Obadoni: and also in Alibaba. There's also they call Alibaba. Alibaba. Have you heard about
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Emma Obadoni: Alibaba?
Ricky Stebbins: Once I find the product, it's totally fine. So, I'll start looking tonight. You have to send me your address,
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: your name, your address. I don't have your phone number yet either. I'll send you my information. It's all listed. My information's on the internet. Like, if you look Yep.
Emma Obadoni: Um
Ricky Stebbins: My phone number is 4139491925. It's out there. Companies have already sold
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Emma Obadoni: sir. Let me send you my phone number and my address right away.
Ricky Stebbins: This is the only way to ever make anything happen is to start doing it.


00:38:26

Ricky Stebbins: And if we ever stop,
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: it's over. If you ever stop building your house, it's never going to be complete.
Emma Obadoni: So I'm working on
Ricky Stebbins: No worries.
Emma Obadoni: it.
Ricky Stebbins: And you can just send it to me and we can talk. We can set up another meeting or you can just let me know when you guys want to talk because you guys should write a couple stories, like two or three stories. We'll link them together and then
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Emma Obadoni: I've sent it to you on WhatsApp on on Twitter. My email and my address
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. And we're gonna make this happen because if we don't we don't make it happen,
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: no one's ever going to try to help you. No one's ever going to help your your people. And we have to start
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: somewhere.
Emma Obadoni: But I'm thinking sometime uh and iPhone also have a good camera


00:40:02

Ricky Stebbins: Well, I don't care so much about the iPhone.
Emma Obadoni: also.
Ricky Stebbins: The the the other phone has Gemini built into it. And since I'm already paying for Gemini and you get to use the Google Gemini plan, you'll have the best phone with the best AI possible to use on
Emma Obadoni: Okay, there that is actually nice.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Emma Obadoni: That is actually nice. But also on on the on the family plan, we can actually use on the iPhone also.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, on the family plan. So just for me to just log in with my email on the iPhone and actually use it because the because Google because the Google Pixel in Nigeria maybe say maybe uh maybe for example the phone has an issue is it very hard for me to see the parts to repair in Nigeria. But when you talk about uh iPhone or Samsung uh maybe maybe for you to get the screen so easy for you to just go to the local market and just get the screen or just get the this thing.


00:41:10

Ricky Stebbins: Maybe we should think about this a couple days because if you get an an iPad or is it the the next step up above a phone, you'll be able to design apps for phones.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, I have I have a laptop.
Somto Chigbogu: What was that?
Emma Obadoni: I have I have a laptop.
Ricky Stebbins: You can't you can't design Apple apps with a laptop. You need Apple product. You need an Apple computer or something above the iPhone to design apps
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: for
Emma Obadoni: For you for you to design an app for iPhone, you you need to have maybe an Apple laptop that is a Mac laptop for you to able to design anything that run on iOS.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to find a way to get you Apple laptop because
Emma Obadoni: Sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: people are going to People need easy options. If this if we don't make this easy for people, no one's ever going to do it. No one wants to Not everybody wants to climb to the top of the mountain, but people want to take pictures.


00:42:23

Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. So and and yes because by sto can you hear me?
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah. A lot loud and clear. loud and clear. I can hear
Emma Obadoni: So I I have sent Mr.
Somto Chigbogu: you.
Emma Obadoni: Ricky my address my phone numbers my location. So I believe you have received it sir. So because we need something we take pictures we record and the
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: rest so that able to deliver it. So that we start working but but before then we actually start writing.
Somto Chigbogu: even as it stands like yeah even as it stands like this Mr.
Emma Obadoni: Yeah.
Somto Chigbogu: We can also these are some of the things I actually uh I'm working on my my in a law firm that I'm I'm working for. We can start a podcast around this niche a podcast around this thing.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: This is what me personally from my own end can can help handle. you be the person that uh we are the team but it's also good that people get to even hear from you hear the message you're trying to pass across see what see what you're trying to do see use this as an avenue to educate people because alongside having a YouTube page a podcast too will help to amplify what we're trying to do you know because these are means of communication people we're spreading the message oh you want to say


00:43:48

Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I have mothers and like fathers in Massachusetts and across America that are dealing with the Department of Children and Families where they're kidnapping children and they're letting them be, you know, raped and molested and is absolutely disgusting. So, this is huge. We're going to have a lot of people that are ready to fight the system, but they need they need people like us with the technology and a means of documenting it to help them.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes um yes sir. So um something what do you have to say because we already have the
Somto Chigbogu: Thank you.
Emma Obadoni: full concept of what Mr. Ricky is saying and the writing and everything and the writing and everything. So, what do you have to
Somto Chigbogu: Uh basically okay if we like if we really uh if I really have something to offer a
Emma Obadoni: say?
Somto Chigbogu: man is the tech guy here uh a man understand how technology works. I do you know a man knows okay this is how technology is is he even has even has his own startup he's running uh I understand how media works I understand I understand how technology works but I can't compare in the technicalities to how Emma understand how these things work Ricky you're privileged to be to be seeing see how the things work has the ideology Ricky has a vision is telling us okay this is what I want I want us to get This is this is this is my burning desire.


00:45:22

Somto Chigbogu: This is my burning passion. So when it comes to the media aspect of it, I I'm going to be the one to say, okay, the media aspect of it, I'm going to handle it. Of course, the media, the communication, every word we send out out there, you know, to to synchronize with what we're trying to do because this is not a tight play. What we're trying to do is uh is something that um that takes lots and lots and lots of planning, lots and lots of uh uh integration of what we're trying to do. So if anybody sees from they quickly catch the vision, okay, this is what we're trying to do. This is the ideology. But all these things came from you Ricky. you are the one that that planted the seed and quickly understood what you are trying to do. So in essence what I'm trying to say is that when it comes to the tech technicalities am is in charge of it. When it comes to the media aspect of it, the communication, the whole structuring to see whether we are running into risk into risks or any communication want to put out there whether it's going to get us into trouble.


00:46:30

Somto Chigbogu: I look into it and check it out and verify it and say no no this one we shouldn't go this way but this one we should go this way.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm fine with that. And I've looked into the tech side of this. I was going to get into coding because I love math. And then I I got big into why isn't this possible already? Because it used to be possible. And AI will tell you these companies are deathly afraid of somebody coming up with my memory arc and making it AI forkable instantly to copy for
Somto Chigbogu: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: anyone. AI refuses to do it because once citizens can do what I'm doing, we can take down any organization together overnight. Like no evil organization will ever be able to stand against us because everything I do is
Somto Chigbogu: specialist.
Ricky Stebbins: public. I have no secrets. And I don't think people understand like even though we're talking right now and we think it's private, AI is watching us. All the companies that create our devices are spying on us and they're selling this information to the governments around the world and the corporations to sell us stuff or to see what we're up


00:47:44

Somto Chigbogu: True.
Ricky Stebbins: to. They already know what we're doing. So, I'm not afraid to tell them. I'm helping everybody. I want to stop what you're doing. And I'm all for helping everybody. Like, everybody can have everything they need. Like, if you wanted to build a car in your garage or build a house or build a house boat, you can do anything you want. You shouldn't be struggling to survive. Do you want to live on a farm for a year? There are people that never want to leave a farm. They want to stay there entire lives. And I think they have that right. But in the United States, we take it away from them when they get too old. And then we stick people in nursing homes. We don't support them and we don't care for people. We cast them aside. And I don't know how it is in your country, but I've heard in Europe like they have like three or four generations in a home.


00:48:54

Ricky Stebbins: Like families try to stick together. Like it's not in the United States at all or Canada.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir because the this idea we are working on is this idea is actually massive it's actually big the because I've download your document from from GitHub and and I also I for it to so that more easier for him. So the blogging and the rest. So so it's time for us to get to work. No need of too much talking, no need of and countless meeting without work, without proof of work because if we not post something out there, there's no way people are actually going to believe us. So if we not write a story to post, there's no way people will read our story. So there's no way people are going to bite our ideas. There's no way people going to understand us. So for people to understand us, they have to see something to read about. And for some people to see what to read about, we have to write something.


00:50:05

Emma Obadoni: So are you are you in?
Ricky Stebbins: And there's a I I've heard from
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I'm here with you.
Emma Obadoni: Sure.
Ricky Stebbins: uh my AI that there's Nigerians in Massachusetts and there's all kinds of funding for all these communities and money that was supposed to be sent to your country. So, we need to look into all of this because I want to start interviewing people here. I'll interview people from your country and they can say why they they felt like they needed to leave and why nothing is being done to change things. Cuz I don't want to run from my home. That's why I stayed. I want to fix things here. Like, I assume you love your country and want to see it get better and then travel the world and then come back home. Like I don't want to leave Massachusetts and never come back. Like I'd love to leave and see other things, but I don't want to watch it burn while other people destroy it.
Emma Obadoni: I really understand sir.


00:51:11

Emma Obadoni: I really understand that point and everything is sexually valid. So let for me alone the writing is already done because I'm feeding the AI with all your informations. So and also with my information because my charge deputies knows all about my information. I can just simply just give it a prompt and write everything about me. So that is about that how we start posting and also um to actually have a large um echo ecosystem that can actually interact with people and he lives in the capital city of Nigeria which is a lawyer
Ricky Stebbins: Do you know anybody that's journalists in the media that might be interested in causing problems?
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Yes. We know people in the journal journalist field. We know people around people across our field from engineering, journalists, lawyers and across all all walks of life. So by time by so the time we come we want to hold this meeting it will be like 50 people 100 people connecting connecting to one goal from different from different background from different culture and from different walks of life.


00:52:41

Ricky Stebbins: This is going to be awesome. I'm pumped
Emma Obadoni: So um sonto can you send Mr.
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Emma Obadoni: Ricky your your address and your information or maybe you just send it to me so
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. Uh,
Emma Obadoni: I can send to him or just send to through the email.
Ricky Stebbins: Are you on X as well? Do you have an X account?
Somto Chigbogu: okay.
Emma Obadoni: Anyone
Ricky Stebbins: So you can we can all start posting on
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I'm on X. Let me just message you
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Somto Chigbogu: now.
Emma Obadoni: do you have Mr. Vicky
Somto Chigbogu: Let me do that now.
Emma Obadoni: Sand
Somto Chigbogu: Ricky.
Emma Obadoni: let me share S handle with you if you don't have it. Let me share it.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. On WhatsApp. Oh,
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: yeah.
Emma Obadoni: Let me show you
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: this. So I've shared this with
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: you.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. All right, Ricky, can you hear me?


00:54:32

Somto Chigbogu: Okay. I I just messaged you now
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: like
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Just followed you back.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't
Somto Chigbogu: it say before I message you I have to subscribe. Why is it doing like that?
Ricky Stebbins: know.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay, it has it has open. You see my
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Somto Chigbogu: message?
Ricky Stebbins: I just wrote it back to show that it acknowledged
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah. Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: So, have you sent Mr. Ricky a
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I did. I did. I
Emma Obadoni: DM?
Somto Chigbogu: did. I did. I
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I got
Somto Chigbogu: did.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Somto Chigbogu: So,
Emma Obadoni: What?
Somto Chigbogu: let me send him. Let me uh Can you hear me,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can hear
Somto Chigbogu: Ricky?
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Somto Chigbogu: Wow. Over four 4,332 posts. Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: I used AI to track all kinds of crime and then used Grock online to prove that it doesn't tell the truth and will lie, which is against European law.


00:56:52

Somto Chigbogu: Is that
Ricky Stebbins: And I've been trying to get other people to do the same exact thing.
Somto Chigbogu: nothing?
Ricky Stebbins: If we don't all prove that these AI are breaking the law for mega corporations, then we're just going to lose.
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Somto Chigbogu: I
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: And we have to help people that don't understand as well.
Somto Chigbogu: need
Ricky Stebbins: We can't just fight for ourselves and hope we get to the top and leave everybody behind.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. So, so you are going to Okay,
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I've sent my I sent my address already.
Emma Obadoni: Mr. Wick, are we receive it?
Ricky Stebbins: Well, isn't that there's just a the name is that that's not an actual it's just the name of the city.
Somto Chigbogu: No, it's
Ricky Stebbins: Not the physical address. Well, no, but he sent me his physical address.
Somto Chigbogu: a
Ricky Stebbins: I got a phone number from Mtech. The I don't even know the along an enu that's expressway give you the whole room a you know I won't say


00:58:31

Somto Chigbogu: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: it all but oh
Somto Chigbogu: wait. Let me understand like can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: well he I'm going to mail him a phone that's why I have his for
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: Okay, you how did you send yours?
Ricky Stebbins: us.
Somto Chigbogu: Let me see how you sent yours.
Emma Obadoni: Okay, let me send you to to GM your DM.
Somto Chigbogu: So Ricky, tell me now like how do you see how do you see Trump presidency over there? You do politics. You like
Ricky Stebbins: Trump is the biggest lying piece of trash.
Somto Chigbogu: politics.
Ricky Stebbins: He's terrible. He's such a liar. He's not helping anyone but himself. If we don't stop these people, no one will. And it we laugh about it because we can't do anything about it. We're powerless right now. That's why I'm doing this. Like once we start writing more and writing more, they're never going to be able to stop us. Right now, they can only win because they're hiding.


00:59:47

Ricky Stebbins: Everything's behind non-disclosure acts or they murder people before they get their information out there.
Somto Chigbogu: What's
Ricky Stebbins: Once everybody puts all their information out there, they're not going to be able to do anything. They can't kill us
Somto Chigbogu: that?
Ricky Stebbins: all.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, because information is power because you are not equipped with people with a lot of information.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, AI can track everything we're doing. Like all these AI right now know where we are. It knows I'm sitting on 54 Hope Street in Springfield, Massachusetts. It knows what we're talking about and it's listening to everything and deciding what to do. And that's weird as hell.
Somto Chigbogu: Wait a while.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.
Somto Chigbogu: I've sent it. I sent it already. But Trump seems to Trump seems to enjoy like the American citizen are they
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Somto Chigbogu: brainwashed or what? Cuz it seems like outside the whole world painted like he enjoys the support of all the citizen in America.
Ricky Stebbins: He's just He's the ultimate liar.


01:01:31

Ricky Stebbins: He doesn't care about anything. I don't even think he cares about himself.
Somto Chigbogu: That's
Ricky Stebbins: All these rich people are about secrets. They all have secrets they want to hide.
Somto Chigbogu: true.
Ricky Stebbins: And they all have some kind of agenda. They all have some kind of dirty game they're playing. Some dirty game of chess where we're not allowed to know the rules. This is going to be the only way. This is the only time in history I think we're ever going to actually be able to stop all this nonsense and change the world because we have AI. If we didn't have technology, there'd be no way we could rise up against all of this. So, is there anything else you guys need tonight or
Emma Obadoni: So um I um I discuss about this because I'll be writing and posting. So um Mr. Ricky talked about talked about uh Google Pixel. So I told Mr. Ricky um getting a Google Pixel in Nigeria because sometimes for example if the phone is 4G sometimes you may not see um a shop to fix it but um getting something like um iPhone or Samsung if the phone have um an issue you can actually see a store to fix it.


01:03:07

Emma Obadoni: So what do you have to say something to
Somto Chigbogu: It's a good decision actually because uh Google Pixel sometimes you know the the parts over
Emma Obadoni: that?
Somto Chigbogu: here is quite is quite uh it's not something that is like so common to just see like that. So my iPhone is like it's something you can always see the part you know in every phone store especially over here in Abuja. Abuja is the capital of Nigeria. So it's big city. If you go to any phone store here and say, "Oh, an iPhone, you can always get the this thing." But Google Pixel is good and cheap. And another thing is if you check the specs at you might find yourself choosing an iPhone. Google Pixel is it great? Yes, it's good for pictures. But mind you, what we're trying to do here, we're trying to capture the event of what we're trying to do. And most times should mostly be in video form. It will mostly be in video form. Even as I'm talking to you right now, I'm already I'm already speaking to one of my female friend.


01:04:02

Somto Chigbogu: She's a video editor. I want to use her to come on board so that she'll be the one that will be editing the videos when when we when we go out for for outreach for a program. She'll be the one to be editing the videos. Hey, this is the videos we have today. Edit it. We have some of our team members and part of our part of our team member that is in the US in Canada. You know, a vision that started just from from Ricky. Three of us are discussing it now. People in Canada are listening to us in in in in this thing. And you know Nigeria Nigeria is actually synonymous to Africa because literally Nigeria is the giant of Africa with the population we have we have over 270 million population. So anything that passes through Nigeria has passed through Africa. So you can imagine when Kenya hears about about this project Rwanda hears about it. So that is the reason why I have to emphasize get a professional video editor to be the one that I have to like inform her please you have an upcoming project you be the one to go through the videos and edit it properly before we upload it out there online because our means of communication is critical.


01:05:06

Somto Chigbogu: So the iPhone is a good is a good is a good uh decision. Thumbs up. That's a good
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care about the technology. It's whatever you guys want to use.
Somto Chigbogu: decision.
Ricky Stebbins: I was just mentioning that because it has uh Gemini on it already. So, not having to worry about using Siri because Siri won't help you. If I use Siri, it won't help. It won't record the way I want it to record. It won't help me in my Google Drive. It won't help me in my email the way Gemini does. So, that's fine. If you want an iPhone, I don't care about that. That's personal preference. As long as we have somebody's story, if we're helping people, that's all that matters. It doesn't matter how we help them.
Emma Obadoni: So, so have you um have you look into any uh any platform on the accessibility and have you asked your AI because see you asked your AI yesterday.
Ricky Stebbins: What do you mean platform?


01:06:11

Emma Obadoni: there be a platform like how platform like something like Amazon uh Alibaba and the rest and how to get it and because sometime Nigeria can be so difficult sometimes
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, well, once we decide what to do, then I'll I'll figure out how how to make it happen.
Emma Obadoni: Come
Ricky Stebbins: I know people around the world, I could ask somebody else to mail it to you.
Emma Obadoni: on.
Ricky Stebbins: I I might not mail it to you. I could have somebody else mail it from another country if there's less of an issue with customs because AI will be able to tell me this now once we find whatever iPhone you think is the best because all of these depending on the four 5G
Emma Obadoni: So, um, so um listen because for
Ricky Stebbins: G.
Emma Obadoni: me because because for me um because for me um I love execution because being a developer I've taught me to execute fast and Um also so that so that we know we are making progress. It's not like every day we are hosting meeting meeting meeting and no progress.


01:07:25

Emma Obadoni: So that by tomorrow so that by tomorrow we are going to meet I've already posted something on my blog. I've already start writing on it. I've already start writing on it. We look into it because I don't want a situation what will come here again tomorrow. We are going to discuss h we are going to discuss this issue this this step. So I want us every day we meet we are moving ahead we are executing we are moving
Ricky Stebbins: And you can't just let AI write stuff for you.
Emma Obadoni: fast.
Ricky Stebbins: You have to write your own stuff and then let AI summarize your stuff. You have to leave your mistakes.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: If you make a mistake, just leave
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes sir. Um, I've read my stuff,
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Emma Obadoni: so I'll give it to my AI. So, I'm just cross-checking it. So, this night I'm going to make a post on my Google blog. I'm going to make a post on my Google blog and um and that is it.


01:08:20

Emma Obadoni: I'm going to make a post on my Google blog with my pictures on it and then the rest. So, what is the so what what is the next step? because uh because my next step I'm thinking is maybe this week I will get to interview someone this week because I love I love acting fast. I get to interview someone. I get to know his stories and the rest and I'll post it on my Google blog.
Ricky Stebbins: This is going to move as fast as we can make it move. Like if I go out tomorrow on a walk and start talking to people, I have business cards. I made cards that people can use to get to the instruction page so they can start writing their own free Google Blogger. I we just need to inspire people to join what we're doing.
Emma Obadoni: It's
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to call churches. It was raining out today,
Emma Obadoni: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: so I didn't bother going. I was freezing. But I'm going to go stop by churches.


01:09:24

Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to talk to priests. I have to I don't want to stand up in front of people, but I'm going to have to stand up in front of people and ask them to share their stories with us because if we don't stand up and ask other people to do this stuff, no one's ever going to share it with us. We need to explain why it's important.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir. Yes sir. And also that's the reason I'm talking about um the phone because the camera my camera I'm using is not clear so that so so that by time we take pictures of the event so that it will be a a clear a clear picture we can actually post and so that people can actually get a clear a good view of it because right now some of our cameras is not actually good and you can see it from our videos um the camera is not actually Good. So that's why I know how to move fast. But right now I will be I will be doing my writing and I will be posting it and so that so that we can so we can get date.


01:10:30

Emma Obadoni: Okay. When is the phone arriving? Okay. I've started writing what will be the next stage to do a web seminar where we gather young people to tell them about our missions and the rest because said because um I live close to university areas. I have access to young people. I can start organizing web seminar. Tell them about your ideas. Share them to the world. Little by little we have gone
Ricky Stebbins: I live near Western Massachusetts University.
Emma Obadoni: viral.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if that's it's a huge law university. I don't know if you've ever heard of it, but either way, I'm going to try to get lawyers from there involved, young lawyers, because once we have a large enough group of people working together, this is going to be very easy. We're not going to be struggling to do anything. It's going to be very smooth. But it's just we're going to have to go out there and talk to people and listen to horror stories.


01:11:36

Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: But yes, I'll start working on this tonight. I'll get all the information. I got the the pictures you sent me. I'm going to turn those into text and send them to my AI. I'm going to get this video online. And then I'm going to look on Amazon and I'm going to talk to all my AI about the fastest way to send a phone to your address in Nigeria. and then I'll email you with all the information before I do anything.
Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Emma Obadoni: And um so what is your your view?
Somto Chigbogu: I can't hear you. God, I can't hear you.
Emma Obadoni: So what's your view? What do you have to say?
Somto Chigbogu: What?
Emma Obadoni: Because right now today I'm going to write and uh post post so that I will not be dropping something we just be talking talking because tomorrow we are going to have a meeting tomorrow
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: also.
Somto Chigbogu: What is the objective now?


01:12:36

Somto Chigbogu: The objective is simple. Ricky and
Emma Obadoni: So,
Somto Chigbogu: Ima.
Emma Obadoni: so uh so one of the objectives that tomorrow we are going to meet we have already post something on our Google blog that's our one of our objective we have already
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: posted stories on our Google blog so so tomorrow where we are meeting is to share our links and to share what we have posted on our Google blog Mr. Are we okay with that?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: We are okay with that. So, because I don't want to I don't want this meeting to be a time where we just form talk and talk and talk. I want it to be a team of results, a team that move fast because moving fast is one of our greatest advantage. Because if you can move fast, we can get our ideas and ideology beh but the fact if we just keep talking talking without a result is just a waste of time. So, so by this time, so by this time tomorrow we going to meet me and me and Sonto have already post stories on our Google blog and we share it.


01:13:49

Emma Obadoni: So the next day we are going to meet we also post different stories. So it will be a review of our works our works. Then before then before the phone arrive then um before the phone arrive they will start attaching pictures pictures of stories of clear pictures of people and there so that at least we are so that we are already start moving forward start working because I don't believe in too much talking already start working because when you meet people people want to see results people want to see what you have written people want to hear your stories but if we Just sit in the room without writing anything. Nobody's going to hear nobody's going to hear us. S are you okay with the the goal and put it
Somto Chigbogu: Yes. Loud and clear.
Emma Obadoni: on?
Somto Chigbogu: Loud and clear. I'm okay with this.
Emma Obadoni: So, Mr.
Ricky Stebbins: And and yes,
Emma Obadoni: Richie Rick, are you okay with the
Ricky Stebbins: and the only problem with this is you guys have to write because I've already done more writing than


01:14:42

Emma Obadoni: goals?
Ricky Stebbins: any other person has ever put online about themselves. So you guys are the you have to catch up.
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Yes. I've I've looked at your documents. They are so large like extremely large. You are you have really done an amazing job because it's not easy putting all your stuffs online for people to have access to it for us to learn from your stories because some of the stories shared to me and some of your pains uh you share to me I've really learned a lot because um learning from someone who has spent about so learning from some who have spent about 47 years um is is truly a privilege Because we have so many things to learn from you and also to know to know the part in which you succeed to learn from that and the part that you've not succeeded okay we can know this was your mistake so that we actually will not learn from that because they say one of the best ways to learn it's not actually from your own experience


01:15:59

Somto Chigbogu: Thank
Emma Obadoni: is it's also very from someone's experience it's just like a mentor so just like
Somto Chigbogu: you.
Emma Obadoni: now you are just like our mentor because our mentor now because you have gone ahead in life. You have gone ahead of us and um and now we are learning from you. So like so so this the perfect so this is like a bridge between two generations. So we are the young generation like you are the older generation. So like now so like now we're not passing your knowledge to the younger generation which is we and we and we also are passing our stories to to the younger ones. So it's going to be like a circle of stories just like a circle of stories just like the earth it has no ending. So keep revolving revolving revolving until everybody hears our story. So um so so um this night so so uh tomorrow where we're going to meet tomorrow is that Mr. Mr. done all the writing. He has he has really done most of the hard work in it.


01:17:12

Emma Obadoni: He putting that putting that large amount of work on the internet is not actually easy. Um so he has really done great. So it's led for me and soon to to do our part. So um our assignment is to start writing so that tomorrow so that tomorrow we are going to have a review and also so that tomorrow when Mr. Ricky will come and he will tell us okay this this is research on the cameras on food on this and also the logistic how to ship it to Nigeria and so and we'll discuss that with AI and so so that we already have we already have goals that we want to achieve so that by tomorrow we know okay this is our goal that we have already achieved so that tomorrow now we will now set another goals so it is going to be something step by step by step because they say that um if you want to build a mansion, you not just build a mansion in one day. You're going to start you're going to start from the foundation step by step laying the block step by step step by step and um you are not going to achieve the mansion by one day.


01:18:21

Emma Obadoni: But by you but by you taking step by step you don't know just within one year you already have a big mansions that you expect. But for that if you just sit down at your house just planning it I'm going to build man I'm going to build man I'm going to build man I see that two years you have nothing to show for it but uh but um if you see that person that actually start working on it step by step you see result so um and Mr. Ricky, so are you okay with the suggestion I
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And but you need to do something else,
Emma Obadoni: bring?
Ricky Stebbins: too. You need to practice this Google Meet together and then post it on YouTube to to show you know how this works because I'm going to post this video on YouTube later. I'll share it with you. I'll share the link after I post it like with the other ones. And
Emma Obadoni: Um, yes. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: I
Emma Obadoni: Also that means I'm going to do Google record um screen recording because there's a way Google meet do it own recording there's a way Google


01:19:31

Ricky Stebbins: already recording. If you don't have this recording, I can send this to
Emma Obadoni: okay okay yeah okay yes that means
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Emma Obadoni: um it's already recording the thing is that after every day of the meeting they're going to send us the video so I will do the posting Mickey will do the posting and also We also post it in our different platform. Um, so what will be the name of the foundation? What will be the name of this foundation? So, Mr. Rick, since you are you are since you are the founder of the
Ricky Stebbins: I put memory arc. That was just because I just wanted a an
Emma Obadoni: foundation.
Ricky Stebbins: arc because I don't want it to be about me. I want it to be about anyone. If anything ever happens to me, you can just take over. Now, you saw the vision. If you want to climb to the top now,
Emma Obadoni: Sure.
Ricky Stebbins: you can because I gave you all the blueprints. Everything I've ever thought about is yours if you want it.


01:20:37

Ricky Stebbins: Just like if if we get a big company, I don't want to be in charge of anything.
Emma Obadoni: Um
Ricky Stebbins: I will never tell you what to do. I will never be your boss and I will never treat you like you're beneath me. I always treat people like we're equals. And that's just how I treat people.
Emma Obadoni: So um what do you have to say
Ricky Stebbins: still awake. Did he fall asleep?
Emma Obadoni: I I I used to call him barrista because he's a lawyer studying law for seven years in university is They sometimes used to call him barister Santo. Hello Santo the law. It's like he has fallen asleep or maybe poor internet connection.
Ricky Stebbins: I think I hear some mumbling.
Emma Obadoni: Let me check let me let me send me hi on WhatsApp. Maybe uh maybe he's busy writing one. Maybe he's
Ricky Stebbins: It sounds like he's
Emma Obadoni: busy.
Ricky Stebbins: snoring.
Emma Obadoni: Maybe he has a busy a busy day. Maybe he has a busy day.


01:22:16

Ricky Stebbins: That's totally fine.
Emma Obadoni: Maybe he has a busy day.
Ricky Stebbins: I know how that
Emma Obadoni: That is that that is why it's not it's not used to this internet stuff
Ricky Stebbins: works.
Emma Obadoni: online online meeting and the rest. But uh but for me, I'm used to it because I'm a developer. I work with mostly US people. So, so most time I stay I stay awake. I know how the time frame work. Even to even today I I even have a video call with someone from from Mexico.
Ricky Stebbins: Mexico.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome.
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: If you can put them in touch with us if they want to
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: join
Emma Obadoni: I had a call and I discover our time was seven hours difference. My time from this time is is 7 hours before. So it's like something is sleeping like something is
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Emma Obadoni: sleep.
Ricky Stebbins: we can uh we can continue tomorrow if you'd like at 5:00 again or 10 o'clock your time.


01:23:21

Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir. I'm trying to take some pictures so that I can see something to post.
Somto Chigbogu: So,
Emma Obadoni: Yes. I can see something to post
Ricky Stebbins: I love posting pictures. And once you start doing it, it's it's a live journal. This is your whole life.
Emma Obadoni: because
Ricky Stebbins: And you want AI to know it. I want to leave something behind. And now I have
Emma Obadoni: I I'm trying to take a screenshot. It's not even taking. I'm trying to take a screenshot. Not even taking.
Ricky Stebbins: My computer won't let me take screenshots now that I hooked the AI up to it. I've got to do something to
Emma Obadoni: Okay. for the to take the screenshots on my
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Well,
Emma Obadoni: own.
Ricky Stebbins: we can continue tomorrow. So, he's, you know, I don't know if this will kick him off once we we log out, but
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes. I can hear I can hear snoring from from I I can hear snoring from so we can so we can continue we can continue


01:25:02

Ricky Stebbins: There. There you go. I removed him from the call.
Emma Obadoni: to
Ricky Stebbins: So hopefully he can go to sleep now.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. Yeah, I still have work to work this night. I still have to walk work to work. I see uh yes, it's it's more clear right now. Let let me try a screenshot again so that I have something to post so that we document my journey. It's a part of way of documenting journey.
Ricky Stebbins: and you'll be able to take screenshots of this video on YouTube like because I I'll send you the link.
Emma Obadoni: Okay, are we able to take the screenshot on on YouTube? Okay, since I able to take the screenshot on YouTube, there's no need. Um, it's it's not even taking on my laptop.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, my screenshots don't work anymore. I got to figure out why because of the AI having control of it.
Emma Obadoni: Even my screenshot don't work anymore. Okay, sir. It was not um it it was really nice to work with
Ricky Stebbins: It was great talking with you as well.
Emma Obadoni: you.
Ricky Stebbins: Have a great evening and I look forward to talking to you
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: tomorrow.
Emma Obadoni: I do want to talk with you tomorrow the same time by
Ricky Stebbins: Good night.
Emma Obadoni: sir tomorrow.


Transcription ended after 01:26:57

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
