Feb 16, 2026
Meeting Feb 16, 2026 at 16:27 EST - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Kathryn Dressler: Hey, can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: Hello. I was on the phone with a
Kathryn Dressler: No worries.
Ricky Stebbins: buddy.
Kathryn Dressler: I was I guess the expression is hurting cats, but in my case, it's hurting dogs.
Ricky Stebbins: Puppies. How are you feeling
Kathryn Dressler: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: today?
Kathryn Dressler: I sorry if my phone's like spazzing out. It's battery's dying and I've got a battery pack, but it keeps like I don't know, charging and not charging. So, I had to take Cookie back to put her um with her mom for a little longer just cuz she was so like tiny. Um, and now I've got I don't know if you can see the slash marks on my neck. That's how much my big dogs liked me bringing a new dog. So, he's awesome. Where is he? Probably right behind me. Yoda. Hey, bud. So, he is like the sweetest. Um, and I'm watching another person's two dogs who are like the most timid dogs in the world.
 
 
00:21:32
 
Kathryn Dressler: So, I have to get them out separate because my one big dog and Yoda get along really well. And my second big dog is good with my friend's dogs, but like super pissed about Yoda. So, I brought them out earlier to like let them all play. But then the two girls started getting like too rough and a little snappy. But they're like mini horses. So literally like one trip me up on the ground as I'm trying to like grab him and hold on to him. So again, they're not like mean, but they just don't know how big they are. So, I don't know if you've ever seen two small dogs like kind of go at it to like establish
Ricky Stebbins: They go
Kathryn Dressler: dominance, right? Except they're huge and he's not.
Ricky Stebbins: crazy.
Kathryn Dressler: So, like I ended up on the grat like I'm like literally looks like someone, you know? So anyways, that's what took a little while because these dogs like to run and hide and I'm like, "No, the three of you are coming out and you're going to be friends and you're going to get along before I deal with the horses." Um,
 
 
00:22:45
 
Kathryn Dressler: how was your weekend?
Ricky Stebbins: We're kind of boring. So, I spent uh time writing new instructions to help people connect our blogger
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: pages.
Kathryn Dressler: I was talking to Whitney about that and getting trying to get her set up. Um, keep going. Sorry, I interjected. My ADD is like spiraling after my talk with
Ricky Stebbins: Now,
Kathryn Dressler: her.
Ricky Stebbins: this is why I wrote the instruction pages because I'm like, what if somebody doesn't want to listen to me, but they want to do exactly what I'm doing and they're not paying attention because I have that sidebar with information of people. So, I want everyone to be able to connect on everyone's pages. And then when you get in front of your computer,
Kathryn Dressler: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: one of your posts is just a picture.
Kathryn Dressler: Is it the like some
Ricky Stebbins: the last one. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: order
Ricky Stebbins: So, I I copied the text from it. You have to add the text to your post so that AI can read it.
 
 
00:23:46
 
Ricky Stebbins: Otherwise, they can't read the images.
Kathryn Dressler: So, how did you get it out of the image,
Ricky Stebbins: I looked at it at my phone.
Kathryn Dressler: though?
Ricky Stebbins: I just pushed at the text, highlighted it, copied it, then I dropped it.
Kathryn Dressler: See,
Ricky Stebbins: H Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: it doesn't it wouldn't my I don't know if it's my computer, my phone,
Ricky Stebbins: The computer. It's the computer's f******
Kathryn Dressler: but it cuz I tried to do that and it
Ricky Stebbins: with you.
Kathryn Dressler: like would not paste like I'd
Ricky Stebbins: This is why I I'm like, you know what? I'm gonna let her know because there's like several different ways that these all f***
Kathryn Dressler: highlight.
Ricky Stebbins: with you and you'll keep working from PDF to PDF to PDF and then one won't
Kathryn Dressler: And when I'm balancing 10,000,
Ricky Stebbins: work.
Kathryn Dressler: that's when I'm like, I'm going to f****** smash everything. So thank
Ricky Stebbins: That's why we need to work as a team.
Kathryn Dressler: you.
Ricky Stebbins: I already put it in the drive.
 
 
00:24:31
 
Ricky Stebbins: I already copied and pasted the text. And every time we copy and paste text, it's not clean. So, we have to go and space it again and make it look pretty. So, I copied I I fixed that text for you.
Kathryn Dressler: Right. Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Kathryn Dressler: thank you.
Ricky Stebbins: you can
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah, I was trying was trying to do like a little,
Ricky Stebbins: just
Kathryn Dressler: but I was also just trying to get some stuff up there. So, thank
Ricky Stebbins: if we start working as a team, this is going to just all of it is going to happen overnight.
Kathryn Dressler: you
Ricky Stebbins: Once we start teaching people how to defend themselves against the system, we we're not going to need a million different court orders because I keep talking to people and everyone like, "Oh, my case is awesome. My case is this and this is about to happen." Like, no, it's not. You're not. Maybe you'll get some money, but nothing's going to change unless we work together.
 
 
00:25:14
 
Kathryn Dressler: So Whitney's story is even like more insane than mine and so f***** up. I'm like so riled up because of what's been done to her. And like again to any outside person, she'd probably sound crazy, right? But like I've seen the videos like I've tal like my heart abs like it absolutely shat like it's so f*****
Ricky Stebbins: So, let's stop for a second.
Kathryn Dressler: up.
Ricky Stebbins: Where are these videos? Did she put them on YouTube? Is she willing to share
Kathryn Dressler: They're like they're like super That's why I wanted to see if
Ricky Stebbins: them?
Kathryn Dressler: we could maybe do a call like she's working on some motions today, but I think having her work like with us cuz she's really organized. So like what I was asking her and we were putting stupid battery thing a spreadsheet together damn phone. um because she knows a lot of people in like so we already have five names of mothers in Broward and their case numbers that we started like while I was on the phone with her I was like f*** I'm just okay I'm going to sit at my Excel sheet and like write this s*** down while I'm pulling yours up cuz otherwise I'm not going to remember it.
 
 
00:26:34
 
Kathryn Dressler: So like then I was asking her this is an aside by the way and I'll go back to the video. Um, like if we all put our different cases like on a separate sheet, let's say, just for like docket and case tracking. I was like, is there a way I don't know probably that like the first sheet or like a master sheet could somehow have some formulaic thing where like on a cover sheet it would show and pull like all the similarities cuz in a lot of them we have the exact same judge or we had the exact same former attorneys or the same gals like all doing this s***. And so I'm like, "Yeah, I think we do each need a tab because f*** I alone I mean the focus with that group is Broward because I'm also like planning a picket protest cuz you know um but she
Ricky Stebbins: And here's the problem, too. I don't want I don't want to interrupt you,
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: but every time you talk about a judge, we'll say it's Judge Cindy Looper.
 
 
00:27:40
 
Ricky Stebbins: We can make a page and we can have 50 women link to that page like, "Hey, she's violated all our rights.
Kathryn Dressler: and and that's like her and I were running through the articles and all this stuff that's happened and she knows way like she personally knows way more people and their cases. She's telling me this other girl, her name, her case numbers. She also has a current federal civil rights case either opened or already open in against the exact faces DCF of Canor. And so what I was going to say is her story is insane, but before she got to where she is, um I guess she studied in like was it uh interior design, so she worked for like a super high like she's at her house in like magazines and s***. So, she's very organized. And I was like, "Okay, Ricky's organized. You're organized. I've got a lot of information." I But my s*** ain't organized at all. So, I was like, I told her I was going to talk to you. And then you know whether it's like you and her talking or all three maybe all three like it's I already knew a lot of the pieces but she actually has like the specific cases and so she was like yeah in Excel you can do that.
 
 
00:29:01
 
Kathryn Dressler: I've already done it. Like I have all of my stuff docu I'm like legit like cool need somebody like that cuz again I moved out of Florida right and all of my um friends somehow are still married. So, like her and I were also talking how we basically lost or kind of phased out with all of our friendships because when you're going through this s***
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody
Kathryn Dressler: like and other no one understands or
Ricky Stebbins: understands.
Kathryn Dressler: it's too stressful for them and there's nothing they can do and it starts affecting their so like that's a mutual thing. But she does know personally a lot of these other women and like they've already I guess been like organizing to some capacity but I was like nah like we've not
Ricky Stebbins: You're not doing it right. We're all doing it
Kathryn Dressler: just and see that's
Ricky Stebbins: wrong.
Kathryn Dressler: where you know it's trying to and I think she'd be really good at building out like a framework because again she saying all this fancy s*** that she's already done and organized in Excel and like knows how to do all that.
 
 
00:30:16
 
Kathryn Dressler: I used to. I just haven't had time to look into it. Um, but she
Ricky Stebbins: If that was going to solve all our problems, it would have solved all our problems.
Kathryn Dressler: okay
Ricky Stebbins: So that's not that's just a piece of the puzzle. So I wouldn't stress it out about
Kathryn Dressler: getting again like as her and I were on the phone,
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Kathryn Dressler: I was like literally my the Excel thing I threw together in 5 seconds. It again takes 5 seconds, but it already lists at least four different women and their case numbers. And you know, yeah, if you get all of them to like drop at least a few files, you know, cuz our problem is when it's like write your story, we're all just like how do you even write it? It's so f***** up and it's so it goes on.
Ricky Stebbins: This is what Google Meet Workspace, what we're doing right now is how we tell our stories. And then it's not perfect and we don't need perfect because all this f***** up, horrible stuff is so traumatizing.
 
 
00:31:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's never going to be
Kathryn Dressler: So like the videos. Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: perfect.
Kathryn Dressler: I'll give you the quickest like synopis to I'm not shocked by much. Like truly I've known a lot of I've talked to a lot of people. I've been through a lot. Like there's few things where I'm like like Jesus f****** Christ. Like that's like I don't I'm at a loss for words. Like I get it. I believe you. I've experienced similar but like bas I guess the best place to start is like her parents are monsters like monsters and I don't say that lightly and I don't like to speak on people's relationships but she told me a lot and then she sent me a lot of the videos and so she's got two kids um with two different guys but Her parents with both of them have like gone behind her back and like facilitated these like rec like painting and framing her as crazy calling like I was like but why let me back up.
 
 
00:32:35
 
Kathryn Dressler: I was like, "I believe you, but like why would your parents want to like conspire with your exes to like have your kids taken so that you can't see them when they not see them?" And she's like, "No, they do see them. They like coordinate in secret with my exes and see my daughters, but won't tell me when or why. I find out because like I'm friends with a neighbor who just saw my daughter there, like whatever." And so I mean effectively she said I mean this is what she said is that like I watched a lot of the videos um her parents have always been like extremely abusive like physically and otherwise and um I don't know how much you know about narcissism and like NPD um but both of my parents were narcissists and my ex was narcissists. I guess both her parents are definitely also and you end up ending up in relationships with narcissists because subconsciously it like draws you in somehow even when it doesn't look like that cuz you're your brain gets f***** up. The wiring when you're raised with narcissistic and abusive parents, it literally wires and rewires your brain.
 
 
00:33:54
 
Kathryn Dressler: And so anyways, I've seen the videos of her parents literally like breaking down her door, like hitting her, attacking like so she's
Ricky Stebbins: How old is she?
Kathryn Dressler: 42.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Kathryn Dressler: And so what she said is like her parents like she's always been the black sheep.
Ricky Stebbins: wow.
Kathryn Dressler: her parents have always hated her and like literally said they want her to die and they like want to kill her and so they've been working with the exes to like get her stripped of custody and she's very sick like she had to have an emergency hyctomy cuz she had um one if not like two types of cancer and then has also developed like um chronic trauma and like also has endometri like all this other
Ricky Stebbins: Wow.
Kathryn Dressler: health stuff. So she also lost her job because she had to like recover from an emergency hysterctomy and like cancer and stuff. And so then her and her daughters had to go live with her parents. And so the videos I've seen are not just her and her parents.
 
 
00:35:04
 
Kathryn Dressler: It's like her kids are right there and they're like screaming like so she told me she never reported it before because she was stuck living with them. She had nowhere else to go. And that happened with me. I ended up back at my f****** childhood house of horrors after I was bankrupted and ended up that ended up causing my brother to die. Perpetuated my dad like and so again, it's a it's a pattern, right? that oh and she's been disabled and not had a job and gone through all this and yet she's being dragged along and forced to pay for a gal a guardian at lightenum which is another path all of my attorneys tried to take me down and I'm
Ricky Stebbins: You can I stop you for a second? You You realize too this is I don't mean to say that this is great, but this is good for our case, for all of our cases that they're f****** with all these disabled people because I'm on disability and I'm not worried about anything right now. I got my dog.
 
 
00:36:07
 
Ricky Stebbins: My kids think I'm a piece of s***.
Kathryn Dressler: and she well and her
Ricky Stebbins: So, I'm just trying to help everybody. So the fact that I can point out that all the s***'s happening to
Kathryn Dressler: kids like and then when I hear like she had her 13-year-old taken by the one dude and her baby taken by the other dude in
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Kathryn Dressler: cahoots with her parents who still see her kids in secret but are trying to force her into like an impatient drug facility. She's like I spoke weed. I'm like, where's all this like impatient stuff? Like, what? And they're trying to paint her as mentally unstable and crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: heat.
Kathryn Dressler: And the gal has conspired with her parents, with her exes to take the kids to force them into Oh, she's due for there's a hearing tomorrow to force her to have a psyche vow,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Yes. Yes. We have to talk to her.
Kathryn Dressler: which I Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. But on video.
 
 
00:37:00
 
Kathryn Dressler: but guess what?
Ricky Stebbins: No. On video and publicize
Kathryn Dressler: Well, well,
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Kathryn Dressler: right. So, I'm giving you a quick snap. I asked you if you want to be a court watcher cuz you can. These hearings are public, but you can like mute your supposed to mute yourself and your camera. You're not supposed to record, but I know when this So, tomorrow's hearing This is how f***** up it is. All right. She filed for like an emergency restraining order against one of the guys to get like her full custody of her child. she had had full custody, then they went to 8020, then they went to 7030. This has dragged out since like 2016. Um, and then all of a sudden he comes back in again. It's like an obese thing. Um, she files to like get full custody back. The judge grants it. Caner grants it. Then the gal file like called and filed and said no like to block it and then demanded that she have a psyche val.
 
 
00:38:11
 
Kathryn Dressler: And that's exactly what my ex like his attorney tried to do to me because I'm so crazy because I took my daughter to the hospital when she needed emergency medical care as proven by hospital records. But he claimed, "I clearly did it for litigation purposes only." Oh, and his sister was one of this girl's attorneys. And his father was also one of the ones that f***** with me to get my daughter taken. So, she also has all these other like I was already going after Greenspoon Martyr, that firm. So, she saw it. She's like, "Great Spoon Martyr, like Jason Almond." I'm like, "So, anyways,
Ricky Stebbins: Does she have any lawyers?
Kathryn Dressler: I digress." Um,
Ricky Stebbins: Does she have a corn a court appointed lawyer? Anyone?
Kathryn Dressler: she's prosay now. She had attorneys again. Her attorney was this f****** piece of s*** who illegally had my his sister and their whole firm cuz I already have their two parillegals. I've got his dad. I've got him.
 
 
00:39:16
 
Kathryn Dressler: They're all f****** crooked.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Kathryn Dressler: She's broke.
Ricky Stebbins: we can use this
Kathryn Dressler: I went again.
Ricky Stebbins: though.
Kathryn Dressler: I like I'm like holy like holy s***. Like I need time to cuz again I'm I'm used to a lot but like and I already believed her before I saw the videos and oh the so tomorrow's hearing and they're public hearing so like it's super awkward cuz I they're calling this a hearing but I think they're misusing a case management conference which is what they've done to all of us, which is also super legal and I've also proven that and I've seen it in hers. Tomorrow might be properly noticed, but you still call into this line on Zoom and then a bunch of other people are on the call and you just have to wait until they call your case and then all these other people are on the line while you're like again going through these like traumatic and horrific things. And so you're allowed to have um what's called a court watcher. So like women especially in these groups have started like linking up and asking friends to like dial in and take notes and be a public observer.
 
 
00:40:40
 
Kathryn Dressler: And so I told her like f*** yeah I'm in cuz Caner knows my name. Like she knows my I got that b**** under criminal investigation. I got her off my case. she's named it like she knows who I am and I hope she sees my name and I hope she fights with me about being there because I've already got my like script done. Um, so I'm going to take notes but and again it's early. I don't know if you might also want to like dial in just to hear how f*** like take your own notes cuz then
Ricky Stebbins: What time tomorrow? Because it can't be that early because I have a meeting at 10:00 a.m. with a woman to talk about her story.
Kathryn Dressler: I think it's I think it's
Ricky Stebbins: But I can log in at 9ine.
Kathryn Dressler: 930 I
Ricky Stebbins: Even then, I don't know how long these hearings usually don't last long.
Kathryn Dressler: think well that's it
Ricky Stebbins: They don't like to let people talk
Kathryn Dressler: depends what order like your case gets called.
 
 
00:41:41
 
Ricky Stebbins: or they'll make you wait.
Kathryn Dressler: Uh that
Ricky Stebbins: They've made me wait until 4:00. I've had to go drive an hour and a half away from home and wait till 4 just to be told to come back because nothing's happening.
Kathryn Dressler: That's s*****. Hold on. I got to put diapers back on these docks because they'll piss everywhere. Um, so it's uhuh. Come here. Uh, it's 9:45 is the dial in time, but again, I don't know um exactly when hers will get called. I was just thinking, you know, again, cuz as she was going through things, she had another court watcher and I'm like, "Okay, well, do you have do you have that person's notes?" Like, "Do you have their name?" So, if we're going to file these things to like just cuz you have to, even if they ignore them, um,
Ricky Stebbins: Got to leave a paper
Kathryn Dressler: you know, third party like who was on that call and what did they say happened?
Ricky Stebbins: trail.
Kathryn Dressler: Did they write anything about bias?
 
 
00:42:37
 
Kathryn Dressler: So, she didn't have them off hand. So, I was like, "All right, well, I'll do it." And I hope that seeing my name like sets this lady off. And I hope she fights me over it. But, you know, I'm going to take notes the best I can. I was just thinking, you know, if since we're talking a lot about this c*** who's holding this hearing um and it involves a gal and them trying to force a psyche val and another thousand charge to this girl who's had both of her kids taken, her parents beating the s*** out of her, like all colluding and conspiring with the gal with faces. So, the first girl, Cecilele, she's the one who found my case. And Whitney was like, "Yeah, I was on the phone with her." I'm like, "I don't even know." So, we were talking about that. They know each other cuz they were also forced to go through Face's co-parenting classes b******* like I was, but I guess they did theirs in person. But Faces and Dana Con, the owner of Faces, is the place where my daughter was medically neglected and denied medical care that resulted in her being dyed in Georgia.
 
 
00:43:58
 
Kathryn Dressler: And Whitney also knows of cases that have been under Caner where kids have died that there's like reports about it. Um, and there's another girl who the federal case, Sarah Thompson, I think she names faces in hers. She names DCF. She named like many of the same people and again like big agencies but also individuals. So, um, if you can tomorrow, that'd be cool. If not, I'll be on it. Um, but I I want to get like a call with at least you and Whitney. I mean, I I don't mind being on it, too, but like I can't send her videos. And what she said before was that she never reported it to the police because she was scared. When you're stuck with your parents and they're abusing you, but you literally have nowhere to go. I mean, I've I've been there. It's like horrifying. And so she's saying,
Ricky Stebbins: And the system can't use that against you because that's their excuse. So why don't you tell someone?
 
 
00:45:04
 
Kathryn Dressler: "But that's what's but that's right." And
Ricky Stebbins: Because I tell you and you never help me.
Kathryn Dressler: again, like it's it's the videos they've like, "Come here. He doesn't like this diaper." Um, and so yeah, it's like her I relate hard cuz she's again like she kind of said like I did like I was in literally the peak of my like my life, my career, then I get sick. Then like I end up back with my parents. like she's being charged I think $1,000 for this psyche val the same way he's been trying to come for me for child support and his attorney's fees like and they all know and they all know that we're both disabled and no income so there's a lot of similarities and she's also organized and
Ricky Stebbins: But she's doing it wrong.
Kathryn Dressler: knows
Ricky Stebbins: She's organized, but you guys keep walking in circles and it drives me nuts.
Kathryn Dressler: because you you literally really have to to preserve your rights and build a
Ricky Stebbins: No. Yes. And that's fine. Going through the ropes is fine,
 
 
00:46:14
 
Kathryn Dressler: record.
Ricky Stebbins: but you guys aren't expanding on what you're doing. You're still playing the game and playing the game and playing the game. Like, f*** this. We're not doing anything different. We need to build on the side and play their game.
Kathryn Dressler: But here here's where and this is what I use the brow docket for like whenever it goes higher to whatever the way you prove it is by documentation and all these dates and times of these people knew I told these people like because then it's not speculative it's proven like I warned about harm I told you this this happened people died kids died like if you don't document it on a record that it doesn't ex so as exhausting as it f******
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: is. You know, they're moving forward with her proceeding. She has a final hearing on Thursday. Like they're doing this. I have a final hearing the first week of March. I'm on judge 6, seven under the Florida Supreme Court. And I'm like, well, that's cool, but I live in Georgia, so go f*** yourself.
 
 
00:47:25
 
Kathryn Dressler: like still haven't filed jurisdictional determinations. Uh but no, it's the exact same pattern. Whitney story is like even just her filings and my like I pulled up her docket and I started looking through her filings and I'm like holy s***. like even just hers and ours, but let alone this other girl who's got like or I don't know if it's open or not, but I've got her like county docket like another federal case all of the same PE like now we have four people same people
Ricky Stebbins: And there's more.
Kathryn Dressler: like that's and again only because it's documented in all these horrific and retraumatizing filings can we literally be like pattern documented on record under oath. Multiple women, multiple kids.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, here's the problem.
Kathryn Dressler: That is
Ricky Stebbins: You had to go looking through their dockets. You had to look up their information and it wasn't public.
Kathryn Dressler: I
Ricky Stebbins: It wasn't just right there linked to other people's accounts so we could find it easy.
Kathryn Dressler: right next
Ricky Stebbins: So, we don't have we we should have thousands and we only have maybe a dozen
 
 
00:48:45
 
Kathryn Dressler: one.
Ricky Stebbins: people.
Kathryn Dressler: I wonder if I wonder if there's any way I mean I'm sure it's confidential but it's also public because anyone can search it but like if there is ever a way to like hack the system right to like on my blog you know the docket would somehow either like autopull or refresh every so often to like actually show the docket and filings because they make it
Ricky Stebbins: You have to copy and paste them yourself and make them public. Everything we do,
Kathryn Dressler: And it's
Ricky Stebbins: this is it won't be hard if people start doing it. I had court today. Where's your information? Do it today.
Kathryn Dressler: just she's just like me like we're so f******
Ricky Stebbins: Not ketchup.
Kathryn Dressler: overwhelmed and make you jump through all these f****** hoops and formatting for all. And so it's like I started telling her and I'm like I know I know it's more documentation but
Ricky Stebbins: And we need to do it together.
Kathryn Dressler: like even just
Ricky Stebbins: Like I talk to my buddies like we're doing right now.
 
 
00:49:46
 
Ricky Stebbins: If you're sitting on the computer like I don't know what to do. Like well we'll talk you through it. Like who cares? We need you to get it done. Like I don't know. Like we'll just hold your hand. Who cares? I'm not mad. I'm not doing anything. I could switch to my cell phone so that this could still be recorded so that we could document your stuff and you could have a transcript so there's any questions you want to remember. You don't have to sit here and keep taking notes and remind
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: yourself
Kathryn Dressler: And you know that's I started you know telling her that's like how we've been doing. But like as soon as I mentioned like again I've gotten literally physically ill like throwing up
Ricky Stebbins: cuz
Kathryn Dressler: having to put together these filings of evidence and by the time I'm done I can't even print a copy for
Ricky Stebbins: you're doing it by
Kathryn Dressler: my I can't even print a copy for myself you know.
 
 
00:50:34
 
Ricky Stebbins: yourself.
Kathryn Dressler: So when I hear another form of like copying and pasting, I'm like, "Ah." And she's like, "Ah." But that's
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody has their stories.
Kathryn Dressler: why
Ricky Stebbins: I I I hate this. I do this all the time and I do this to my AI on purpose. People send me stuff and they'll just give me a vague ass description. So, I'm like, "Perfect.
Kathryn Dressler: You know what
Ricky Stebbins: Tell me what this vague ass story means to you because they didn't tell me anything yet.
Kathryn Dressler: she
Ricky Stebbins: And then I'm going to get their story and then give me a new summary.
Kathryn Dressler: so she um she has a few different AI. I forget which one. She did mention Claude and she uses chat GBT. And I was telling her how you and I had talked about how AI is magic and she goes, "Yeah." I was like, "I don't know if like I use it so much I could tell the change overnight." And she goes, "Yeah, I know. All of a sudden it's telling it's like gaslighting me." Which is exactly I told you what I don't know how
 
 
00:51:34
 
Kathryn Dressler: many days 4 days ago. I'm like literally overnight s and she was like and it's forgetting everything and
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm like I was literally just raving about this exact thing. And that's something him and I have been talking about. But again,
Ricky Stebbins: This is part of your case.
Kathryn Dressler: what
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I have a problem with my kid. Yeah. Well, I was using these tools to help my kid and the company f*****
Kathryn Dressler: But it's again,
Ricky Stebbins: me.
Kathryn Dressler: I didn't like fact check what I sent you, but if what I sent you about the owner of chat GPT is true, it is literally exactly why I said because I've been seeing it in the news about all these people are speaking up and they're using AI to file prosay. And guess who doesn't like that? All the bad people and all the attorneys.
Ricky Stebbins: Pedophile Sam the pedophile Altman. That disgusting piece of s***.
Kathryn Dressler: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Elon the molester.
Kathryn Dressler: and she she's so the so the gal
 
 
00:52:27
 
Ricky Stebbins: Muski.
Kathryn Dressler: um that is horrific. The um psychologist or psychiatrist or whoever she refers is Deborah Day who's all over the Epstein files and like so Whitney when he start I'm like I know about the Epstein files. I know about she was telling me the whole pole hope Florida. I'm like yeah I know that's like Rico fuel. Um but that's I'm like she's a really good person that I think again she's got nothing really but I mean not but time but like both of her kids were taken. She's going down. We're f****** pissed. I'm like, so we're we're trying or I was going to start like a Facebook group again pulling together.
Ricky Stebbins: No. Why? Why?
Kathryn Dressler: Here's here's because because I want us to show up and be outside of the
Ricky Stebbins: Why?
Kathryn Dressler: courthouse. I
Ricky Stebbins: Why? Why doesn't Facebook work?
Kathryn Dressler: do.
Ricky Stebbins: Because I tried Facebook already. What's Facebook doing? And I've already proven this and nobody listens.
 
 
00:53:40
 
Ricky Stebbins: Facebook blocks your messages. So if you have an awesome message that's about to get out there to expose the system, no one's going to f****** see it whether you like it or not because I've tried.
Kathryn Dressler: If it's like if it's a Facebook group, like a private
Ricky Stebbins: They block it. I won't see it. I go and look at my friends pages.
Kathryn Dressler: group
Ricky Stebbins: I stop getting alerts for all their messages. They're like, "Oh yeah, I've been posting stuff for weeks." I'm like, "What are you talking about? I've been looking and looking and I don't see stuff." And then I took pictures of my own comments. I have a second Facebook account. So, I'll go and post something on your account. And then I'll sit there and wait. I'm like, why don't you comment? I'll use my account. Look, it's there. I used a second account to go look and my comment's not there.
Kathryn Dressler: I need you to check something for me on Instagram later since you said does Instagram do the same
 
 
00:54:29
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And this pisses me the f***
Kathryn Dressler: thing?
Ricky Stebbins: off cuz people don't realize like, you're f****** with me. I'm trying to solve a problem and all these companies are f****** with me and f****** with me and people like, no, they're not. I'm like, they're f****** with you, too. So why would I lie to you about us being f***** with when we're the ones losing? And people are like,
Kathryn Dressler: So the same day, oh, and then Cecilele her her and Whitney met because they did faces together.
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh,
Kathryn Dressler: Um, which again is the f****** faces. Um, there's a point to that. Now I've blanked. Oh, the um reason I was thinking like a Facebook like or something with some level of privacy.
Ricky Stebbins: There is no level of privacy.
Kathryn Dressler: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: This is what's wrong with people, too. Listen,
Kathryn Dressler: well, I don't I don't mean I mean
Ricky Stebbins: uh, Facebook will f****** take all your messages and send it to your ex if they think they can f***
 
 
00:55:22
 
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: you. And they won't even tell you how it happened. Oh, someone in their group gave it away because you're getting too big. Because what you're doing is going to f****** rock the country.
Kathryn Dressler: they're the ones in the groups that dox people when everyone else is like someone that's scary. What about like WhatsApp like
Ricky Stebbins: They're all f***** up. I got rid of WhatsApp. I got rid of Meta. I don't even use half the stuff. All these AI are f*****. The only thing we can trust is ourselves, our own files. This Google Blogger is just like Facebook. If you post something, you can unpublish it and then republish it later.
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: So, you can make it public, take it down, and then make it republic.
Kathryn Dressler: no. I meant I meant something like an ongoing kind of chat that we can all have and like text into cuz you know everyone's got different
Ricky Stebbins: So there's
Kathryn Dressler: schedules or things pop up and we can't Boy, is
 
 
00:56:17
 
Ricky Stebbins: uh Google chat. I don't know exactly how it works. So in these meetings, you can allow these chats to continue after the fact somehow. I did this the other day. I don't even know how I can do it,
Kathryn Dressler: cuz
Ricky Stebbins: but I wanted to see. I was going to try this with my disabled buddies for homework. What am
Kathryn Dressler: like we you know me, her and Cecilele have a you know a text chat but then again there's all these so like I'm super add right things will pop into my brain or I'll see something. So like I was trying to find in that sense a more like limited thing where not everyone like private conversations but ones that we can all go back and pull from but not like everybody right but something that you get an alert like you know it's not like you get an email that someone posted a comment on your blog like
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Like I don't want my kids seeing this stuff and like I'll post some pictures.
 
 
00:57:19
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like no, this is not for kids. It's for
Kathryn Dressler: Well, and again, honestly,
Ricky Stebbins: adults.
Kathryn Dressler: the re the other reason was cuz some some stuff again, like I've seen the videos, but I don't know like to she said she's ready to like go after her
Ricky Stebbins: I was talking about putting this stuff on YouTube and then putting links on Blogger.
Kathryn Dressler: parents.
Ricky Stebbins: I meant public. I if people want to keep things private, there's all kinds of different ways we can try to do that.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, well, no. I mean, she said like she's staying with a friend now,
Ricky Stebbins: But
Kathryn Dressler: but she kept saying like I'm I'm like I'm scared to file a report or to show anyone these videos because like what if I need them again? And like again, I don't know what friend she's staying with. Like I don't know. I mean,
Ricky Stebbins: Why does she put them in a Google
Kathryn Dressler: I told her I was like, they're f****** monsters.
Ricky Stebbins: Drive?
 
 
00:58:09
 
Kathryn Dressler: Like I was like my house is a f****** all sorts of a mess but like again person I don't even know if it's like you going back to like literally what I just saw which is like come stay at my house s*** if you're a serial killer like I don't even care at this point like but no like so she said she's ready to go after them. I just, you know, again, I can't speak to her videos. That's why like she would really have to be on the call and decide like how much she's really ready to like go for that side. But then and
Ricky Stebbins: This is my thing. This is my problem with people.
Kathryn Dressler: that's
Ricky Stebbins: I don't need you to put your story out today. I need you to tell your story. I need it to be documented. I need it to make sense so people can find it when you're ready. Because of you come to me and if this Whitney comes to me in 20 minutes, oh my god, I need help tomorrow.
 
 
00:59:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: What do I do? Like, I don't know. I can't. What can I do? I don't even know who you are or anything about you. Like, how could we help you so you're prepared so you don't get f***** as bad? Or at least you could like You're going to get f*****, but you know, h you at least have a plan for next time because this is, you know,
Kathryn Dressler: And you know,
Ricky Stebbins: so short notice.
Kathryn Dressler: it's funny. I was like explaining I sent her my blogspot thing and then she was ref like again I guess there are actual media articles about like the kids who died under this judge. And I was like here's the link to mine. Like literally I was just dragging I was doing she's like have you seen this article? I was like, well, that's what I was trying to pull yesterday is all these articles that I've seen.
Ricky Stebbins: And now you need to make an index of all those articles you pulled.
Kathryn Dressler: Um,
 
 
00:59:57
 
Ricky Stebbins: So everything you posted on Blogger, like nobody knows what that means yet,
Kathryn Dressler: well, she she does, but like no, I hear you. I just if I
Ricky Stebbins: but I can show you in like 10 minutes when you have time when you're sitting at the computer later.
Kathryn Dressler: don't
Ricky Stebbins: will screen share of like, hey, just set your page up like this and add these links and add a little story like these. I added these story links because they all link to this judge who's abusive or whatever story you want.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah. I mean, cuz literally like I don't know how much you look through them or solid, but it's Broward is insane. Like I've actually pulled up recently all the judges in the fam cuz I alone have proof of fraud and all the s*** from seven, eight of them. Um the judge that Oh, that's what I was saying with Whitney and Cecilele. When I talked to Cecilele, she like likes her judge that she got after Canor who also did the same kind of horrific s***.
 
 
01:00:59
 
Kathryn Dressler: Um, but when I I saw this article right when she called me and as I was reading through it, it literally is a couple I guess a year ago dude snapped and another killing spree and it literally says in the article and it sources like the Broward County custody and court proceedings literally broke them and drove him to snap and then murder this woman and I think their kid and like somebody else. So again, Broward County Court and custody. And apparently related to that, this past week, Broward State Attorney's Office, who's also the one who arrested Paul, but then refused to help my daughter before she was kidnapped, but then opened the secret investigation with the governor and then closed it. Whatever. Um, they dropped, it says they dropped a trench of files related to the investigation into that woman's death, which that case was managed under Alperstein, which is a different judge than I've had, and it's Cecile's current judge. So, literally uh on the day that that ran, the 17th judiciary on Instagram was promoting and ch posting pictures of how all of them were appointing new judges for all of the judges that were reprimanded last year.
 
 
01:02:33
 
Kathryn Dressler: So, I jumped on there and I was like, "Yeah, but the question is, is this one going to be any more different like or any different than the rest or continue the same cycle?" And I was like, by the way, it's absolutely disgusting that like
Ricky Stebbins: And this is another thing too like with Instagram and X and I got and Reddit Reddit blocked all of my stuff and I stopped. I wasn't even trying to do corruption but Reddit picked up on what I was doing before any of the other sites did and how like dangerous what I'm doing is because nobody on Earth except for me is as organized or as public as me. And there's a big difference between you and me and everybody else. Like once I got all my stuff documented, I started tracking Trump and Elon Musk and Mora Healey and Larry Fank and all these different states.
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: So my case, when AI reads about me, they're like, "Oh, f***. He doesn't even care about himself.
Kathryn Dressler: wait,
Ricky Stebbins: This isn't about me." For my case,
 
 
01:03:31
 
Kathryn Dressler: did you already have that case or you're building that case?
Ricky Stebbins: I gave up on it. I don't care about that. I don't care about what happened to me.
Kathryn Dressler: But you already tracked
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I already have all the evidence.
Kathryn Dressler: it.
Ricky Stebbins: I already have I have everything I need to destroy the people in my case and I could get money, but I don't want money.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, but that's the thing for us. It's not about money.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't care.
Kathryn Dressler: It's about accountability and getting our kids back. And again,
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly. And I need your stories.
Kathryn Dressler: she's
Ricky Stebbins: See, this is what pisses me off. Like, I don't want the money. Everyone's like, "Oh, but what about I I don't I don't even tell people about my story anymore. Who cares that evidence was altered in my case and people lied and I caught them lying. I can tell you how I did it cuz that's all that's important. And I want your story written down like we're doing now.
 
 
01:04:17
 
Ricky Stebbins: Thankfully, you're talking and it's being transcribed because every time somebody talks to me on the phone, I'm like, who cares what you're telling me because I I'm not going to remember it unless I'm next to a
Kathryn Dressler: That's what I was asking you.
Ricky Stebbins: notepad.
Kathryn Dressler: And I when my ADD goes in hyperdrive, I literally forget everything. Like I'll forget why I walked in a room. But that's what I was trying to figure out when I have I've been talking to her. I'm like, f***. Like I wish this was transcribing,
Ricky Stebbins: Do you have work
Kathryn Dressler: but like I didn't like know how to I think so.
Ricky Stebbins: Google workspace?
Kathryn Dressler: Cuz when I open chat JPT, it said I said I
Ricky Stebbins: So I had to pay for Google AI one to use Gemini
Kathryn Dressler: did.
Ricky Stebbins: and Google Meet to
Kathryn Dressler: I have so many bills, man. I've been surviving off credit.
Ricky Stebbins: record
Kathryn Dressler: Like, I couldn't even f****** tell you. Like, and then I kept hitting data limits and storage limits and question.
 
 
01:05:12
 
Kathryn Dressler: So, like, I don't even f****** know what I've subscribed to or paid for anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: This is why everyone needs to get organized because I signed up for like 15 different things and then had to step back and now I'm only using the Google AI pro, the Google Workspace, which is an extra 10 bucks. And I do pay for chat GBT and claude off and on because they're crap. But you have to pay for the Google AI Pro and then pay for Google Workspace
Kathryn Dressler: Again,
Ricky Stebbins: for the cheaper. It get it makes it cheaper. It's like 30 bucks
Kathryn Dressler: I I probably like I have so like I'm operating in fight and flight and
Ricky Stebbins: total.
Kathryn Dressler: trauma and panic mode and like I again I lost everything and as soon as I replaced it and started rebuilding my f****** kid was taken and then I had a shell at another 70 grand. So I I used to be super organized and super on top of things. Now, I literally couldn't f****** tell you cuz I'm so far in debt that it's like I don't
 
 
01:06:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: and that's totally fine.
Kathryn Dressler: know.
Ricky Stebbins: I created a second account because I have right now we're using Ricky Stebons at Memory Arc and I created one called conference room at Memory Arc. So I can send you the password. I might have to walk you.
Kathryn Dressler: And
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think I'll have to walk you through. I might have to walk you through a couple steps to make sure because if you don't hit the record, you don't hit the transcribe, and you don't make sure you have a couple tools downloaded, it won't do what we're doing right now for you.
Kathryn Dressler: that like that's the thing cuz you know she's all alone too and like that's why I've been like not just trying to help with her case but like we've been talking like I I was like god damn it I wish this was all recorded cuz like yeah I remember some of it but
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I don't want to talk to anybody anymore.
Kathryn Dressler: Likewise.
Ricky Stebbins: This is like I don't mean to be mean, but I want a Google Meet so that way I can ask you important questions and then I can send this back to you.
 
 
01:07:10
 
Ricky Stebbins: If I don't send this back to you, it's
Kathryn Dressler: like all all of the stuff we tal like again
Ricky Stebbins: worthless.
Kathryn Dressler: it did do you ever watch um Always Sunny in
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yeah,
Kathryn Dressler: Philadelphia?
Ricky Stebbins: there's some pretty funny stuff in that shows.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm sure you've seen the memes where it's like Charlie at the freaking pin board with like all the strings attached. So there's a lot of memes that are like conspiracy theories. So, like that was literally her and I the first time we talked cuz I sent her screenshots of like my federal dockets and like I said, she had already known about all these like other stories and women and it was just like all these f****** but like green martyr Jason like it's I wish it was recorded because like you know she talked through it again but it's just um I was like, "God damn it, I don't know how he does it. I got to figure it out
Ricky Stebbins: I will teach everybody what I'm doing.
Kathryn Dressler: because
Ricky Stebbins: I already pay for it.
 
 
01:08:14
 
Ricky Stebbins: I created this conference room account. So if because if we're doing a Google meet with like five different people and then there's two people like, "Hey Ricky, I want to log off and get this person's story on the side." You could take a separate account that I already have and record it like we're doing right
Kathryn Dressler: That would Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Now,
Kathryn Dressler: that would be a cuz like that's you know and then she was asking or I guess she did find some attorney that said they do something pro bono if she like asked. I don't I don't know and I don't know why I went on that. Oh, cuz she was asking me about attorneys and I was like, honestly,
Ricky Stebbins: We need them, but they're right now they're all f****** liars. And we have to get the young
Kathryn Dressler: well, I've had four and I'm like,
Ricky Stebbins: ones.
Kathryn Dressler: I have spent years having to send and resend and reexplain and relive and it literally makes me sick over and over and if I have to reexlain everything to one more f*** like not like I'm explaining but we're talking.
 
 
01:09:14
 
Kathryn Dressler: attorneys are charging me up the ass and they're not f****** listening and they're
Ricky Stebbins: We're gonna get your money back. And that's why I'm I just stopped fighting the different I'm fighting a different fight than you guys are
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: fighting. I'm fighting for everybody. And you guys are fighting to get your families back together where my family's already s***. So you want your daughter back.
Kathryn Dressler: well no again I'm right but I told you and
Ricky Stebbins: She wants her kids back. You guys have a goal.
Kathryn Dressler: it's it's worked the reason I have documented like I have is because again, frankly, I don't know when I'm going to drop dead or again my daughter talked to like she's incredibly sick. Like can't even go there. Can't even go finish on that thought.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: But like I did what I did in Broward and all these dockets because I wanted and hoped and prayed somehow anybody going through something similar would somehow find it and be able to like use it to help them.
 
 
01:10:16
 
Kathryn Dressler: And I don't know how Cecilele found me. Whitney said she was on the phone, but she found my cases somehow. And that again I'm prosay. So that's when she like guess she was on the phone. She's like I'm going to call her and like she call me and I had reported so much stuff to like Miami police. It was a Miami number. So I'm thinking it's like and she's like hello like I'm so sorry to call you. And she goes in and I'm like no like don't be sorry. This is exactly why because even not everybody can. Few people survive it. The system buries people so they can't. So I was like, even if it's over my goddamn dead body, even if it doesn't do anything for me now, I am establishing a record so that anybody now or in the future can use that to show patterns and show like it has to exist to prove all this stuff. And so like she kept a I was like no literally it's why I've done like it's why I've done this.
 
 
01:11:24
 
Kathryn Dressler: And so as much as I f****** hate it had I not she never would have called me. I never would have known about these women. Like it's it's necessary and it's not just and I told you know I told Wayne the same thing. I'm like, I can strategically and legally tell you what you have to, you know, do and file cuz you do have to do and file, especially when they're proceeding anyways. But also, I can tell you they're not going to listen and like what we're doing and working on like is not going to get our kids back tomorrow. But like she's the same as me. Like it's not about our kid. Like I don't care whose kid it is. Like I think I've told you I don't know if it's the way I was raised. I don't know if it's like ADHD justice and sensitivity syndrome, but like I've been advocating and I've been big in helping women in like the DV and custody case like before my but no, it's not about me.
 
 
01:12:34
 
Kathryn Dressler: It's not about my kid. It's this s*** is so f****** sick and wrong. And that's why like I'm pissed about my own s***, but like I'm really hopped up about what they're doing her and what they have done to her.
Ricky Stebbins: They gave me a hero complex and I'm going to use it.
Kathryn Dressler: And
Ricky Stebbins: Like, f*** it.
Kathryn Dressler: huh.
Ricky Stebbins: They gave me a The whole system gave me a hero complex.
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: It's like they made me believe I can save the f******
Kathryn Dressler: and that's she she you know, she's right where I am. She had her kids f******
Ricky Stebbins: system.
Kathryn Dressler: taken. She doesn't know where they go to school. She's sick. I'm sick. And you know, we're both like, she's the same way. It's not just about my kid or her. Like, this is f****** wrong. Like, this s*** is f****** wrong. Like, we've paid in blood. This has f***** our kids up. All of our kids.
 
 
01:13:24
 
Kathryn Dressler: Like, you know, it destroyed my parents, my family when I was a kid, too. Like, why do you think my brother's dead? Why do you think my mom became a f****** crackhead? like you know it's doesn't excuse their choices but like I've gone through it as a child. I watched it happen in my family. I'm again horror like she also had sole custody of her kids and suddenly you know and so we we don't have answers like cuz I I've run through the crim I'm like I don't have answers for you. Like I none of this is going to be an overnight fix,
Ricky Stebbins: And
Kathryn Dressler: but like hey, at least at minimum on this call, we put together a basic spreadsheet that have at least five women's names and their docket numbers and
Ricky Stebbins: you know what the problem with all this is? This is what pisses me off.
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: This is what makes me angry cuz this could change overnight if people just got off their f****** asses. Like all these healthy people that aren't stressed out that are ignoring all these serious problems around them because well, you know, if I ignore it, you know, then my life is still fine and I don't notice, you know.
 
 
01:14:37
 
Kathryn Dressler: And and you know why do your kids not like you? Probably animosity toward you know like it's from 0 to six is when we're all like you come birthed wired about 25%. And then from birth to age six is when your brain is doing the rest of its fundamental innate neurocognitive wiring. When kids are going through this during those periods, they are literally being wired to fail and to suffer. I've been through it. I was five when all the s*** started with my family. And then anytime you it doesn't matter what age you go into this family court system, which again in this article even says like this article says it, the evidence supports it enough for this article to say it was the Broward County like custody and divorce proceedings
Ricky Stebbins: and
Kathryn Dressler: that destroyed both of these people's lives and drove this dude to go and murder multiple people like that.
Ricky Stebbins: nobody cared. The system was designed to ignore
Kathryn Dressler: But that that is powerful for media for media to put that out there like that
 
 
01:15:55
 
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Kathryn Dressler: statement and then they talked about that trench of files which I don't
Ricky Stebbins: I know. There was something else the other day. I I don't think I took a screenshot of it.
Kathryn Dressler: know
Ricky Stebbins: I should have, but it said something about this whole like pedophilia thing is the new norm for CEOs. This Epstein thing is the new norm. No, it's not. I'm gonna kill you. m************ are dead. Once I Oh man. Once I get enough people together, all you CEOs are going to be f****** burned at the stake
Kathryn Dressler: Like I I need to connect you with Whitney again,
Ricky Stebbins: together.
Kathryn Dressler: either like separate or I know she's working on stuff for this b******* thing tomorrow where they're going to try to railroad her and you know,
Ricky Stebbins: And she's going in there totally unprepared. She thinks she knows what she's talking about.
Kathryn Dressler: but
Ricky Stebbins: She thinks that these AI are helping her. And I guarantee they're not telling her something and trying to let her get
 
 
01:16:52
 
Kathryn Dressler: well that's the thing again. She's used it and she's used other like that's where I'm saying I told I don't know if it was four days ago but I was like
Ricky Stebbins: f*****.
Kathryn Dressler: call me crazy but literally overnight chat GPT is gaslighting me and when I told her you and I were talking about AI and like that's when she was like yeah chat GPT just like so I was running it through like my things and different things and throwing together basic stuff not detailed but again like you have to formally object to this f****** hearing. You have to formally file whatever the f*** to like, you know, stay or vacate the file. Like there are things you have to f****** file because they're going to do it anyways. And if you don't have that paper trail, then you're f*** like you're f*****. f***** versus certain filings you have to get on the record and then once they keep doing that it becomes evidence and proof of the exact claims that you're making ongoing retali like her s*** the claims the federal level like how like it's they're very similar to mine collusion conspiracy uh
 
 
01:18:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: and it's probably not similar to yours. It's probably ex 100% exactly the f****** same. All of these, everybody's cases, and I talked to my AI about this. This is what pisses me off. Nobody seems to pay attention to the fact that once you can prove that all of these judges and lawyers are all doing exactly the same thing, that's how we get them. But we're all so like under the paperwork so
Kathryn Dressler: cuz they bury us. I again I pulled up her docket. They're doing this.
Ricky Stebbins: much,
Kathryn Dressler: It's backto backto back f****** hearing and retrauma and they don't stop and they again they lie and it's like
Ricky Stebbins: but we have to use them against each other. like we have to use a courtappointed lawyer like I'm disabled you know I'm not sure I understand everything like why why am I being forced into this position without you know having counsel
Kathryn Dressler: So in Florida specifically, they there are no pro bono family law attorneys.
Ricky Stebbins: American with disability act doesn't provide anything this is what we have to dig deep because when people are disabled there are like a a little bit.
 
 
01:19:21
 
Ricky Stebbins: Oh. Oh, we could ask this.
Kathryn Dressler: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: We can push for
Kathryn Dressler: no. I I'm very well verssed. It's in all my federal filings.
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Kathryn Dressler: And on top of that, I even took a national like government level whatever accreditation for ADA title 2 like certification, which I have. So, that's what again I did just as an extra f*** you against the ADA coordinator. And I again like
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why I don't do this stuff because people like you already have and it didn't do anything.
Kathryn Dressler: I've
Ricky Stebbins: Like, well, she knows it now. We can use it in the future, but I don't want to learn it, too, just so we can all know stuff that doesn't work.
Kathryn Dressler: no I mean again I didn't actually learn it. I literally used chat GBT to tell me the answers and I I paid $5 and I got the certificate.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, that's fine.
Kathryn Dressler: But it's the same level of requirement and it's literally the same f******
 
 
01:20:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: You probably paid more attention to these people
Kathryn Dressler: test that that ADA coordinators and courts take. and the chief ad like it's b*******.
Ricky Stebbins: do
Kathryn Dressler: I've got them so f***** up like with so many ADA title 2 violations cuz I shifted strategies. I'm like, you don't care about child abuse? Like, you don't care about, you know, again, Wawa, Violence Against Women's Act, when I'm a legally adjudicated victim of DV, as is my daughter. Not alleged, but state ran trial and he also pled guilt and it's like a thing. Um, but hey, ADA Title 2 violations are supposed to be taken seriously. Yet, every f****** court, even federal court, continues to violate ADA title 2 by refusing to grant me number one, the information for an ADA coordinator or contact. Number two, any interactive process, which is required by law. Number three, reasonable accommodations so that like no party is prejudiced or unable to access a court, which again you can't do when they won't let you file online or remotely in federal court.
 
 
01:21:31
 
Kathryn Dressler: You either have to pay an attorney, physically go and file, or print and organize and pay to mail, which takes time and delays. It is an deliberate obstruction of access to court at the highest level and no federal court number one adheres to it itself. There's also no grievance procedures posted. There's no ADA contact. There's but what do you do in the federal court? the highest court is the one that like keeps violating them like so it's it's documented I know a lot about 88 title 2 cuz again they are supposed to care and that's not speculative or anything to do with kids it's again I was a like extremely ly successful like person in like life in general despite having these disabilities. I only started turning like come down when the abuse picked up and then after years and years of prolonged litigation and repeat abuse and now I'm like ready to drop dead. It's like same and similar with her. And yet the federal courts who are that's why when everyone's like, "Oh, I'm going to file a federal suit." I'm like,
 
 
01:23:09
 
Kathryn Dressler: "Good luck cuz they won't even let you file if you can't pay or access or go and mail or prepare, which like I have gone in crippling pain where I can like barely even drive cuz it the stabbing pain. it it's like I have a very high pain tolerance, but like and I keep filing and I keep filing again, not because they're going to do anything, but because I'm documenting even at the highest level that number one, they're failing and refusing to rule or even consider threshold issues like access to the f****** court. So now it's not about me, it's about you're doing this to all disabled people. So I've leaned heavily into that. They haven't done or changed anything, but it's documented and I've experienced it. And that's where like I also get extremely mad as a disabled person who like once again what like federal court is the only court that uses a filing system that a prosay filer cannot access.
Ricky Stebbins: It's just all set up against us to f*** us. And that's what we're going to
 
 
01:24:39
 
Kathryn Dressler: Well, and I had well I I have so in my first federal case when it was
Ricky Stebbins: prove.
Kathryn Dressler: docketed, I reached out to the whatever CM ECF help desk because federal courts use Pacer and to get a login, you have to literally be granted a login by a federal judge's order. So, I have an email from the help desk where I'm like, "Hey, I have my case docketed. Like, I need to be able to access my docket to file." And they're like, "The only way you can do that is with a judge's order." So, I filed repeatedly motion for, you know, ADA title 2 consideration, emergency motion to grant online filing access per 88 title. There's like 10,000 of them. In his dismissal only in a footnote on the second page, this judge puts chambers contacted the CMF ECF help desk and they said prosay filers can't access the system, which is a lie. And again, I put the evidence in like my renewed motions like here you go. And also here's like the law per page or like law by state, federal statute, whatever, which says as a prosay party, you can have access if a judge grants it.
 
 
01:26:19
 
Kathryn Dressler: And I have a dismissal order from a judge with a footnote saying he's dismissing and denying everything because the help desk said I'm not allowed to have online filing access despite their email filed as evidence saying only a judge's order and me pulling the actual like federal law and statute for access. So again, that is deliberate. It is proven. It's already on my federal f****** docket in that case. So that's another reason I filed in Georgia. I literally put in this one, I'm not form shopping. Number one, this is a different petition. Number two, I was denied online filing access by the Southern District of Florida federal court despite being disabled and having a disability case open since 2022 and submitting proof and evidence and an ADA title 2 accommodation and repeated requests for online access either by email or by online filing system as well as ADA accommodation meaning the interactive ADA title 2 process that's supposed to absolutely happen by federal law that y'all break. Um, and then again, I have judges lying in orders like saying, "Oh, nope. Help desk said you can't have access." Well,
 
 
01:27:45
 
Kathryn Dressler: no, m***********. again by the actual like written
Ricky Stebbins: And you know what the problem with all this is too?
Kathryn Dressler: law.
Ricky Stebbins: Like we're always respectful to these stupid pathetic pieces of f****** s***. Why the f*** do we have to be respectful to these dumb c***
Kathryn Dressler: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: f****?
Kathryn Dressler: that's the that's the next angle I'm going after is first amendment freedom of speech. Um because again they
Ricky Stebbins: Every time now I go I want to go to court. I'm going to think every judge I've gone before has been a stupid c***. Every f****** lawyer has been a lying piece of f******
Kathryn Dressler: in in family court they punish you again in the
Ricky Stebbins: s***.
Kathryn Dressler: thing in the b******* hearing that doesn't exist on the docket. The proof they had against me was an email thread between me and faces and the owner where I'm blasting them for breaking court order where I asked them to clarify why they broke court order and immediately reunified my daughter with her father.
 
 
01:28:46
 
Kathryn Dressler: Where I document that I sent all these text messages and warned them the day my daughter was sick that she was forced to say and then she ended up hospitalized. And the owner literally tried to lie and say, "Oh, well, Sarah saw she wasn't feeling good and had a tummy ache, but that's normal." And they said, and I'm like, I literally went off on her. I was like, "You are disgusting. You should be f****** ashamed of yourself. Supervised visitation facilities are literally evil and everybody knows it. And you only exist to force reunification with kids and parents that are like you say that you are safe on your advertising, but my child already had psychological trauma. So you claim what you provide a safe physical environment, yet you neglected my daughter and
Ricky Stebbins: You know what we're going to do too? Like when this is all when this starts going,
Kathryn Dressler: depress
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to destroy the mental health field.
Kathryn Dressler: it.
Ricky Stebbins: Absolutely destroy the mental health field because right now it's just
 
 
01:29:49
 
Kathryn Dressler: It again. My ex tried to file that same b******* psyche valid.
Ricky Stebbins: a
Kathryn Dressler: I was like, "You dumb m***********. I've literally been in therapy since we since you were arrested." Number one,
Ricky Stebbins: What's the problem here?
Kathryn Dressler: cuz I needed it.
Ricky Stebbins: The problem with all of this is nobody makes any of this public. I want to see a therapist and I want to do what you and I are doing right now and like, "All right, therapist. You're a mandated reporter. Why are you letting all these kids be sexually abused and you're telling me I just need to relax and go find a f****** hobby?" And then they I did find a hobby where I'm trying to help people and then the tools I use don't f****** work.
Kathryn Dressler: So again, I pick like my own therapist and I'm very like I vetted a lot. I love like I really do love my therapist now. But no, the ones that are tied into all this s***, the one like again he tried threw faces in him and his attorney tried to force me for an immediate psyche bail and he was going to pay six grand and I literally laughed.
 
 
01:30:53
 
Kathryn Dressler: I was like you're a f****** idiot, bro. I've been in therapy literally every weekend for years and I have 10 years of documentation where my therapist will tell you I ain't crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: This is the wrong answer. No, the answer is yes.
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: I am so excited for this public evaluation that we are going to have. That's it. No more. I don't care about I've been to therapy,
Kathryn Dressler: well,
Ricky Stebbins: too, and my therapist said this and that. No, my therapist is a spineless f****** b****. We're going to talk in public from now on. Everything we say needs to be public so when they lie to us,
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: we have them.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm just saying like they it's it's the pattern. They're trying to feed the system. They're trying to make her undergo a psyche val and continue paying for this gal.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Kathryn Dressler: Pay for the psyche. Like they try to do the same s***
 
 
01:31:39
 
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to get
Kathryn Dressler: to me. And then I literally f******
Ricky Stebbins: him.
Kathryn Dressler: laughed and I started reporting mall. So that's why they conspired and all testified that I'm f****** crazy to steal my kid and kidnap her across state f****** lines. And like me, Whitney doesn't even know, I don't know, one or both of her kids are in school. So, I also filed with the uh Georgia Department of Education and the US Department of Education a FURPA complaint, which I've did since November, and they wouldn't answer my emails. So, I mailed them a f****** packet. And I just last week maybe got an email finally from the US Department of Education acknowledging it and making me fill out another f****** form which I told you about. But guess what? The fact that they opened it and what it says, it proves literal in interstate f****** kidnapping and concealment and parental interference and deprivation of rights under color of law because the SPO only like investigates in cases where like kids public or private information and their educational records are mishandled or withheld.
 
 
01:33:05
 
Kathryn Dressler: And so it's what like when I say I got cases on like I've reported I I have the tracking numbers FBI to the GOJ my online submissions like I have made it.
Ricky Stebbins: They they don't care. I' I've put all my complaints online on my Google
Kathryn Dressler: No they they don't they don't care.
Ricky Stebbins: Blogger.
Kathryn Dressler: But what I've been waiting and hoping for is the opportunity to name and expose them all because I can prove beyond any shadow of a doubt that every single one of these people and parties and entities and agencies and courts across two states and three f****** counties and everywhere in between have been on notice since May that my child has been f****** kidnapped against multiple orders, repeatedly abused, withheld from me, and everyone has had actual knowledge. So, while I knew they were not going to do anything, I can prove that they knew. And that's where like most of this s*** that I've done, I didn't even know if I'd lived to see the fruition of it, but like that's why I want someone or some recording here we got to exist that like I have filed all this stuff and I do have like everything I sent was by tracking number and I have those or I sent it by email and saved like the print.
 
 
01:34:35
 
Kathryn Dressler: Like that's where I can say when I go to whatever highest entity or blow the top off or my own mini f****** Epstein file drop that every single one of from state attorneys to FBI to DOJ and I was saying all of this s*** before the Epstein files. Now the Epstein files dropped. But I told you in Florida it's very f****** relevant because Epstein had his Palm Beach house and Trump has Mara Lago and these kids were being trafficked across counties including Broward County. And the mayor of Florida is named and involved. And he was also involved in this giant f****** fraud and scandal that also came out since I've been reporting that DCF and Medicaid and all Hope Florida all meant for protecting women and children during the same time period instead of doing their f****** jobs, millions and millions of dollars were spent on anti-abortion ads instead. And the Tampa Bay Times article that ran it, there's like three different audit like third party like that makes it
Ricky Stebbins: And that's just a chump change. That's just a chump change.
 
 
01:35:49
 
Kathryn Dressler: recal.
Ricky Stebbins: That's You're missing so much more. And that's just a little piece of the puzzle.
Kathryn Dressler: No,
Ricky Stebbins: That's what drives me
Kathryn Dressler: I know it's bigger, but I'm just saying it proves what I've already been saying.
Ricky Stebbins: nuts.
Kathryn Dressler: DCF failure to investigate, closing investigations without investigating. Known harm to my f******
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: child. And what makes it Rico per chat GPT is again I've reported it all so extensively to these exact same agencies and departments and people including the f****** governor and they all told me they couldn't help yet the governor opened a secret investigation about my case and then closed it without investigating as meritless and then issued statements to the I had my sitting judge under criminal investigation. You know how hard that is. Like, but she was still staying on my case because they all let her. And Desant has appointed every single judge that has been on my case and on these other women's, too.
Ricky Stebbins: And why do we listen to these people?
 
 
01:36:55
 
Ricky Stebbins: I can't wait.
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: Why are we listening to these people anymore? I know you're a criminal, so whatever you tell me,
Kathryn Dressler: why is Pam Bondi not in f***?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to fight it.
Kathryn Dressler: Why are none of these people in f****** jail? Again, I'm not saying anything.
Ricky Stebbins: What is going on?
Kathryn Dressler: I'm not saying these people care, but again,
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Kathryn Dressler: much like the Epstein files, if nobody came forward, if nobody documented it, that's why I'm like, I give no f**** and I'm out for blood. Like, I'll probably die anyway. So, like, I'll take the f****** bullet and I'm going to name and document as many as I can across dockets and just hope to god someone sees them. And it it did work in Broward. That's how I'm like, "Holy s***, now there's at least like six or seven other women." Most that Whitney know and she knows like the specifics. And again, I know it's not just Florida. I've experienced it in Georgia.
 
 
01:37:47
 
Kathryn Dressler: I'm in lots of groups. It happens everywhere. But if you have four, five, six women from
Ricky Stebbins: We need to expand on this.
Kathryn Dressler: Broward
Ricky Stebbins: Like people are forgetting too. A lot of these parents have disabled kids and this is a huge cash cow for the entire government to just rape people. Just rape the whole
Kathryn Dressler: Well, and DCF gets money every time they rip a f****** kid away and place them in fost like it is bigger.
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Kathryn Dressler: But that's why somewhat separately we have to localize because we're trying to take down Broward Court or at least make noise in the immediate because all this other stuff is like bigger picture. But when we've got even three or four like women all with the same f****** s*** from the same court like so I was like as stupid as it is that I'm disabled and I don't want to f****** do it if we can get a handful of people and go stand in front of the Broward court with a f****** sign and a hashtag and a bullhorn and like then again we can start building a P like when it's actually bodies together.
 
 
01:39:04
 
Kathryn Dressler: Like what have you actually seen on the news about any of this s***? It's when people actually come together and they're protesting. Like I don't think we have to worry about ICE. And again, I don't even have the f****** money, nor do I want to do it. But even if it's a small group, like even if we just take pictures of it, like there's a
Ricky Stebbins: Ice is a joke. This is all just a joke. Ice is just a distraction. It's just a distraction.
Kathryn Dressler: Except they're murdering f****** I know it is.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, but it's still a distraction. I mean,
Kathryn Dressler: So is so is you know trying to take over Greenland and
Ricky Stebbins: it's innocent people and
Kathryn Dressler: go to f****** war like right but we still have our kids that we need to get back and all these complex cases take time. So like how do we add pressure to the Broward court and make other
Ricky Stebbins: We got to start getting our stories together.
 
 
01:39:52
 
Kathryn Dressler: people make
Ricky Stebbins: No one except for you and me have our stories together. Like well this other person might have some of her story but is it online?
Kathryn Dressler: Whitney Whitney does she does because
Ricky Stebbins: Is it is it online? because hers isn't I don't
Kathryn Dressler: she's drowning in filings and like backto backto back hearings and
Ricky Stebbins: even if it's not public
Kathryn Dressler: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: then it didn't happen and it disappeared and it can be made to disappear at a this is like too white like this conspiracy stuff I thought about it and thought about it and every
Kathryn Dressler: Oh, I put it I put it in my filing. to my emails to state attorneys. I go, "You've killed half my family." And like again, I'm sending this email because you closed this investigation fraudulently. And I literally said like the mothers of this country, like we're not going to be silent anymore and I'm not going to stop. So like once again, last f****** chance to do your f****** job.
 
 
01:40:47
 
Kathryn Dressler: Whether you like me or not, you have a legal obligation and I'm filing this in federal court and I'm going to put it in all the dockets that you didn't do it so when the f****** reckoning
Ricky Stebbins: We need whistleblowers. That's what we need.
Kathryn Dressler: comes.
Ricky Stebbins: Because this is why I talked to my AI about this, too. Like, you already know what you know, but you're not part of these organizations.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, that
Ricky Stebbins: We need somebody with a conscience that has worked for these organizations and knows something but was too scared to speak up until they have people like
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: us.
Kathryn Dressler: another person that Whitney knows in Florida, Valuchia County or something like that, she actually she also had a federal case and then she got blocked and barred from filing anymore. But I think like today or something, she had an article run by local news because she got records something tied into like FLDE. So like actual main media picked it up and ran it. And I was like, "Hey, I want to talk to her, too, cuz I want to know how she packaged it." Because Fort Lauderdale,
 
 
01:42:01
 
Kathryn Dressler: the media, they they know all these people. And so like it'd be very curious how she put it together, but also like that's another person who had another federal case all about f****** Florida and now got media coverage. But Whitney and I were like, "Yeah, we need to find someone like independent because I used to work in media. I know all the f****** me." That's why I know exactly how my father's death was leaked because I knew these people. Well, they knew me and one of the media told me exactly how it happened. So, like I was like, I've been thinking about taking out a f****** billboard, a radio ad. Like if even if it's a handful of people, if we're actually there in person can blast something out to the media and or they drive by or people see it or you know like
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what would get more media attention than protests because what would be more like how do we get attention?
Kathryn Dressler: that's all that that's all they're covering right now,
 
 
01:43:04
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Well,
Kathryn Dressler: though.
Ricky Stebbins: what else could we do to get
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: attention?
Kathryn Dressler: I literally just saw a targeted sheriff warning in Georgia cuz someone I guess went and threw a brick through a federal building and it was like, "We will pro prosecute you to the fullest for vigilante, justice, and destruction and blah." I'm like,
Ricky Stebbins: I want to do that.
Kathryn Dressler: "Uh-huh.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to throw a brick through their a window at the federal building and then when they talk I I'm going to publicly talk too. Like I know he said he's going to prosecute me, but he's such a stupid spineless f****** b**** that I'll see him in court. f*** him. Oh, and I gave up my attorney client privilege so they can all suck a dick.
Kathryn Dressler: for me again if like I just I can't leave all these f****** animals unattended or like again I probably again this and I've even had my therapist tell me cuz you know I've said things about Sam say I'm like yo am I f****** crazy but like to me go back to caveman days like our primitive of instincts are to like protect our family.
 
 
01:44:14
 
Kathryn Dressler: It's also why there's like a constitutional right to have a firearm to defend yourself and yet my child's been f****** taken and hurt and abused and like I am not a violent person. But like if I wouldn't kill for my f****** child, like you know, it's like she basically told me again, I'm not crazy. And if I do finally snap, it's not cuz I'm crazy. It's cuz that's what I was driven to do because nobody else was
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not going to snap. I've got the biggest f******
Kathryn Dressler: doing it.
Ricky Stebbins: mouth in the world and I'm going to keep using it. Like, I'm just going to keep running it. And go ahead, try to stop me. Try to bring me to court because all you can do is ignore me at this point and hope I go away
Kathryn Dressler: Well, if you throw a brick,
Ricky Stebbins: because If I didn't have my dog,
Kathryn Dressler: you get arrested,
Ricky Stebbins: I would totally throw a brick because they might try to keep me for a few days, but then they'd have to let me go because it would only be a window.
 
 
01:45:11
 
Kathryn Dressler: which by the that's the other part I forgot about. Um, God, what is it? Her husband, I guess. Um, like beat the s*** out of her. But then again, it was very similar to another friend I knew whose like husband called the police and alleged domestic. So, she got arrested like recently. And so, back to back, she's got this psyche vow, this final hearing on Thursday. But also, here's the thing. None of this should be happening because she has a criminal case that's open. Granted, she's the uh defendant, if you will, but back to supremacy law, the family court's not allowed to be doing any of this when there is a criminal case and investigation open, but it's the same exact f****** s*** they did to me. And like, yeah, so it's hers is very like complex. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: And this is all with details.
Kathryn Dressler: I had to like have it
Ricky Stebbins: When people don't give you all the details and she doesn't have it written down and we can't
 
 
01:46:26
 
Kathryn Dressler: No, she she does.
Ricky Stebbins: put she has it all written down so it's machine readable like we can feed this
Kathryn Dressler: I just like
Ricky Stebbins: into an AI and compare it to our other
Kathryn Dressler: No. And that that's what I started talking her about. And again, she's very smart, but she's like, "What is plain text?" Same thing I said. And then I started like trying to explain it, but I wasn't at my computer and she was driving, so I couldn't like sit there and show her. So, she just called me. Uh, I don't know if she got her filings done. I know she said whoever she's staying with has to use like the computer later, so she was trying to get them done tonight. But I don't know what your schedule's like. I've got to do some of my own filings. And I don't know if you're comfortable, but I was going to like see if I could give like you two each other's numbers.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I'm not doing nothing except for I have somebody at 10:00 a.m.
 
 
01:47:14
 
Kathryn Dressler: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: tomorrow for maybe an hour. I don't know how long I'm talking to him. And another woman at 8:00 tomorrow night and then that's it. Like I'm free tonight. I might log into I don't like Ellis's
Kathryn Dressler: I stopped even doing as soon as I saw he was trying to like start charging.
Ricky Stebbins: classes.
Kathryn Dressler: I was like, "Nah, man. I I've got my cases open. Like, I don't need to know how to do it's like I told, you know, it's like everyone thinks they have their s*** together, but for court intents and purposes, like I do. I'm much further along than all those people. And I've also proven their patterns at the federal level. But I nothing about this is like yeah I want all the f****** money to there's no money to compensate for death and I got no money so like yeah I want you all to like hurt in that way too but none of this is like about money and I don't help people like for money you know maybe that's my problem like maybe I'd be more successful if I did Um but
 
 
01:48:22
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want money. Your money is not going to help me. And what am I going to do with the money then?
Kathryn Dressler: yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Then I'm going have to pay taxes on it. And then people are going to bother me. And then I'm going to have a headache that I don't want to deal with. Or if I just do this all for free.
Kathryn Dressler: what was your role with him though? Cuz like originally him and I were going to talk, but then he's like, "No, talk to Ricky first, so then we won't need to talk." And I'm like, "f*** you do, man." Like
Ricky Stebbins: He just wants people's paperwork. Like he's like the lawyer. Like I don't want to give him my paperwork because so what? Your AI is going to say exactly the same thing mine is except yours is not going to have all the context that mine has about my story.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, and you know, again, not to like be an a******,
Ricky Stebbins: He's doing the same thing that you could do.
 
 
01:49:08
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like if I sent you my information,
Kathryn Dressler: but
Ricky Stebbins: oh, could you write me up a court thing? like, "Well, yeah, you could just write me up one. There you go." And if
Kathryn Dressler: well, I was helping, you know,
Ricky Stebbins: it
Kathryn Dressler: Whitney, but like again, I I come from a family of like brilliant attorneys, but I know more f****** attorneys than you can ever imagine. I hate it. Like I've gone I've literally had attorneys hate me only to turn around and say they hate me because and then like ones that
Ricky Stebbins: You're right. And they're liars and they can't look themselves in the mirror
Kathryn Dressler: hate me are like, "You should go get your bar thing so I can hire you." I'm like,
Ricky Stebbins: and
Kathryn Dressler: "I've already looked into it and I'm not going to pay a bunch of money like to go to f****** law school. Why can't I just take the bar exam and if I pass it?
Ricky Stebbins: you can ask me to lie because that's what you're going to do.
 
 
01:49:53
 
Kathryn Dressler: Why the f***
Ricky Stebbins: I'll work for you and then you're going to tell me that I can't tell the truth. You're going to tell me to ignore things and go f*** yourself. I'm not ignoring anything anymore.
Kathryn Dressler: But and that's just not it's not just family. It's like a state attorney. Like I again I come from a very specialized background but I was also raised a certain way and when I get my mind set on things like I f****** destroy destroy with like paper and words not violence and you know it's Whitney again when like I was asking her where stuff is like she's got her s*** organized. It's not machine readable. But like if you just do what you like did with me on the blogspot thing
Ricky Stebbins: This patience is just one step at a time.
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: It's annoying. I don't want to do this. But you're already fighting and this is a war. If this isn't a way to win a war, like why don't we take the extra step to do
 
 
01:50:55
 
Kathryn Dressler: But but she's also again like she's I mean she's an interior designer like they literally
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Kathryn Dressler: have to be organized. But so when I was asking her about like filing number like she has it already. Mine's scattered f******
Ricky Stebbins: And this is the problem too. It doesn't matter.
Kathryn Dressler: everywhere.
Ricky Stebbins: Our problem isn't that you're disorganized and she's organized and I'm organized. It's the fact that we're not working together. All these pieces of s***
Kathryn Dressler: Well, what I'm saying is what I'm like,
Ricky Stebbins: are working against us and they have the
Kathryn Dressler: it takes me time to even create a f******
Ricky Stebbins: advantage.
Kathryn Dressler: running spreadsheet with all of my cases, whereas like she already has her files organiz like you saw my desktop
Ricky Stebbins: And you see the problem in here. You see the problem with this conversation now.
Kathryn Dressler: like she's not
Ricky Stebbins: Do you know what the problem is here?
Kathryn Dressler: online.
Ricky Stebbins: So me and Whitney have our paperwork together.
 
 
01:51:41
 
Ricky Stebbins: So we should be helping other people get their paperwork together that don't even have a clue. People that like you have a s***
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: ton.
Kathryn Dressler: and that's that's why I'm saying like,
Ricky Stebbins: And once we have
Kathryn Dressler: you know, that's why I'm trying to get her on this last leg where if you just show her like you showed me on a screen share, she can. And then she's the one who knows all those other people who can like if she knows how. and she might have good like structuring ideas too. Uh it's funny when she was telling
Ricky Stebbins: And this is my idea is not the greatest idea.
Kathryn Dressler: me
Ricky Stebbins: My idea is just uh something to build off of that works. If you guys find a way to change this and it's better, I can adapt mine instantly. Like give me a couple hours and I will change it to a new format.
Kathryn Dressler: And that's that's the thing like her and I we just briefly started talking about how we'd organize the like I think she'd be a really good mind and have good ideas on like that kind of stuff.
 
 
01:52:45
 
Kathryn Dressler: Like it was funny cuz she's like I need to put you in touch with this other girl. She's a lot. I'm like well I'm a f****** lot. She's like I know I'm a lot too. I'm like but I'm like a lot lot. But I think I think
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think we're a lot. That's the problem. I think we're not enough. I'm like, everyone's like, "Oh, she's a lot." But, you know, I listen to everything you're saying. Like, I don't find you like combative or argumentative. We're just This is brainstorming.
Kathryn Dressler: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: If we don't brainstorm ideas,
Kathryn Dressler: And and so again,
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to lose.
Kathryn Dressler: I I don't know. I've never spoken with those other girls, but again, if they've carried it further and again, if we show or figure out with Whitney,
Ricky Stebbins: All right,
Kathryn Dressler: you know, again, a way to like
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to screen share while you're talking real quick just so I can show you because this is what I
 
 
01:53:24
 
Kathryn Dressler: do
Ricky Stebbins: want you ladies to do. All right, you should be able to see that. Do you see where my mouse is? Like right here? Like this is all I got my stupid stuff that's not important. But survivors of the system, once we can click on this, this is all our stuff. My buddy Dallas, he even opened his own page, but what I wrote about him. This is your page, but you don't have an index yet. So, I just have your your story. Also, this Kerianne George, she hasn't linked anybody to her page yet. See, there's nothing on the side. But this is super easy to do. This is something I can teach people in a class and then because Becca Ray has
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah. And so, you know, again, Whitney's like me, you know, like we've all been talking and trying to figure out how to document and that's where I think again you and her would
Ricky Stebbins: That's
Kathryn Dressler: like she might have some like organization or index like I don't know my head's too
 
 
01:54:27
 
Ricky Stebbins: and that's totally that's what we need like people that are like me that I'm just sitting around and sitting around. If her idea is better, I'm going to be able to adapt it within one day at the very longest it would take me to just restructure my files that I already have written.
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: And then we're going to be able to rock
Kathryn Dressler: that I was again I I was laughing cuz I you know you and I enjoy a healthy debate.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Kathryn Dressler: like she's got a strong personality, so I'm sure she's got strong opinions, but like I think I think you two will also like hit it off cuz I think we're all on the same f****** page. And what she brings is like again skills and expertise and arenas that I lack. Like
Ricky Stebbins: That's what like I don't want to learn any extra new skills.
Kathryn Dressler: thinking
Ricky Stebbins: Like I already have my skills. You have your skills. Don't learn what I know. Learn what I've done and I'm going to learn what you're doing.
 
 
01:55:18
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to put it in my paperwork so that if anybody ever sees it,
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: I have instructions now like an idiot. But I'm like, you know what? If anybody needs to copy what I'm doing, that stupid sidebar I just showed you, I have instructions for that. I have instructions
Kathryn Dressler: the other thing with her is like me too, you know, if I drop dead like I've also done this hoping that you know things on the internet existing forever that like maybe one day if my daughter ever googled my name or her like she would know
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why you wanted to share your story to see that you fought for her because right now you don't have a story out there except for
Kathryn Dressler: like well
Ricky Stebbins: our conversation.
Kathryn Dressler: and she's being brainwashed and like again if I were to die like I know what she'd be told, but at some point maybe she'd Google my name
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: and see it. And Whitney's kind of in the same boat.
 
 
01:56:11
 
Kathryn Dressler: And that's where I'm like that's where this like the blogspot stuff and like link like now it's not just me who knows like he knows but it's also like online and so like she's there too. Um, let me give her a call back and if you're okay with it, I'll give her your number cuz she said again, I don't know what she's I guess she can talk on the phone tonight. She just won't be in front of her computer, but maybe it's a thing where she can like talk and you can like record it and
Ricky Stebbins: cuz you can shut your camera off now,
Kathryn Dressler: then
Ricky Stebbins: stick your phone in your pocket, and walk around your house and I can hear everything you're saying. And I've got my closed caption on now because that's why I like to see what you're saying. So if I don't understand something or if it's so off,
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: I'll be like, "Well, what did you mean by that?
Kathryn Dressler: I've got to I've got to run I'm going to get some booze cuz again, literally after talking like I was so sad and enraged for
 
 
01:57:11
 
Ricky Stebbins: I hear you.
Kathryn Dressler: her. I'm like you can see I break out when I get like so
Ricky Stebbins: Me, too. Oh, man. That the blotchy
Kathryn Dressler: because Georgia doesn't have medicinal marijuana legalized.
Ricky Stebbins: skin. Not
Kathryn Dressler: I have right she also she smokes and they're trying to
Ricky Stebbins: yet.
Kathryn Dressler: pin her weed use despite it being prescribed for cancer against her. So unlike you all I can't just like smoke a joint and chill. So I have to like make a f****** drink and chill.
Ricky Stebbins: This system is so dumb.
Kathryn Dressler: So I I can like reconnect later.
Ricky Stebbins: But yeah, give her my number.
Kathryn Dressler: But um let me call her back and see if she had like a question or what she's doing and I'll um send
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: you to each other's info cuz she's she's awesome and like again I'm trying to help her with like the just put the stupid s*** you don't want to put on paper and file it cuz you have to.
 
 
01:58:08
 
Kathryn Dressler: but like here's what we're and she's like fully on board and she has all those extra people and like so I'm excited for you to touch base and I you know I'll I'll let you all know when I get back. Um I have to file some stupid s*** too. Um but yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to stop filing soon.
Kathryn Dressler: I'll touch base with you.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Kathryn Dressler: Huh.
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to stop filing soon. This is going to start changing very soon because once we get the numbers,
Kathryn Dressler: It's well,
Ricky Stebbins: it's over.
Kathryn Dressler: and that that's what I'm saying. Like her alone, she rambled off like so many names and I'm like, s***. I mean, again, it's all Broward specific, but like I've also got Georgia, you've got
Ricky Stebbins: Once you teach people what I'm doing,
Kathryn Dressler: Massachusetts,
Ricky Stebbins: and I got these little kids version, I have a kids version of this project. So, they can start using this as a diary and a photo album and start learning to write so they can talk about all this.
 
 
01:59:00
 
Kathryn Dressler: smart.
Ricky Stebbins: And once kids learn how to do this, it's f****** over. It'll never happen
Kathryn Dressler: You know, my daughter had a diary and it had a lock on it and she told me she didn't want her
Ricky Stebbins: again.
Kathryn Dressler: dad to see it and she told me in secret like she's only written one thing and it's N O like no and she would only tell me and then she said she wrote but she's you know she's five she's six now but like I always had a diary when I was a kid but you know it would be great if again with their parents' permission. If like it would be by parent by parent, but like she has a 13-year-old daughter. Like maybe she could set her up with a page and give
Ricky Stebbins: All these kids have to it's like people are like don't write about your problems then don't talk to your kids about writing about
Kathryn Dressler: her
Ricky Stebbins: problems. Lure them into writing about what they care about what they want to do for the future and then they're going to naturally talk about what they care about
 
 
01:59:55
 
Kathryn Dressler: But also, you know, again,
Ricky Stebbins: anyway.
Kathryn Dressler: because of the age, if her daughter's 13, if she like maybe Whitney could create her private like page that she monitors, but she could pull in, you know, because again, I don't know if it's 14 or what, but like even when kids keep journals or diaries, they're usually paper. They're like private, you And again, it's going to be parent by parent, but like again, I've seen the videos like her daughter's seen this stuff. I I don't I guess she doesn't have any contact at the moment, but like for the kids who are old enough and willing or you know, maybe even ones who've recently aged out like to actually get their like journaling somewhere on a platform. Again, it's not visible to everybody, but at least,
Ricky Stebbins: Once you start getting your opinion out there and you realize that I can tell you f***
Kathryn Dressler: right?
Ricky Stebbins: you right to your face and there's nothing you can do about it, these kids are going to be like, I didn't know I could do that to these stupid f****** a****** adults that s*** all over me for f****** decades.
 
 
02:01:08
 
Kathryn Dressler: Well, but the other thing too isn't like you're not allowed to submit any of that. Your kids aren't allowed to speak in court unless they're a certain age. But if they're creating and they're logging their own
Ricky Stebbins: If they already made it public, it might be evidence.
Kathryn Dressler: online that's that's what I'm saying
Ricky Stebbins: We need to learn about this because yes, so everything matters.
Kathryn Dressler: like and you know
Ricky Stebbins: All of this matters and it's all important.
Kathryn Dressler: again my daughter is only six so she can't but one of and I guess she doesn't have contact but she's you know 13 and wants to get around 14 and again her daughter's seen I've seen the videos like She doesn't have but that would be a powerful way I think again depending on age and the situation but to be able to use it as evidence without having to call a kid into testimony. Like if a kid whatever age is creating and maintaining their own
Ricky Stebbins: Do you know why they do this too?
Kathryn Dressler: journal to traumatize them like
 
 
02:02:05
 
Ricky Stebbins: They You know why they call kids in to testify and put them on the spot?
Kathryn Dressler: confuse them like
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly. You just said it right there. That's the only reason. There's no reason to do that. And no rational human being would ever put a child on the stand to force them to defend themselves in front of a group of other people like that.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm I'm also not even allowed to submit videos where you can see my daughter's clear like you unless you get a special motion and special approval which they
Ricky Stebbins: Because you ask. I don't ask anything anymore.
Kathryn Dressler: won't.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to tell you. I'm going to act like a f****** d******* around you. What are you going to do about it?
Kathryn Dressler: Well, no. Oh, I'm saying like the videos of my daughter like
Ricky Stebbins: No, the courts. Like the courts. I I I'll play the video.
Kathryn Dressler: they
Ricky Stebbins: You tell me my video is no good.
 
 
02:02:46
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm putting it out on YouTube. I already put all my videos out on YouTube and they don't even know what to say now.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, mine's mine's like a a child, you know, so
Ricky Stebbins: So what? There's kids on TV. Oh,
Kathryn Dressler: it's
Ricky Stebbins: this kid's being abused. Why didn't you do something about it, officer? It's not your job. What's your job, judge? Cuz if it's not your job, then whose job is
Kathryn Dressler: I would be fine I would be fine leaving his face,
Ricky Stebbins: it?
Kathryn Dressler: but I would want to put like a black circle or something under hers. Like
Ricky Stebbins: You could and we could do that, too, because I'm all about that. Like,
Kathryn Dressler: it's
Ricky Stebbins: there's a where there's a will, there's a way. Like, I'm gonna expose you. You don't want to see the kid's face, that's fine. But I'm gonna put the video out there of you abusing it. I don't care.
 
 
02:03:23
 
Ricky Stebbins: You're not getting away with
Kathryn Dressler: Oh, no. I mean, you you can hear like you can hear everything she says.
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Kathryn Dressler: You can see like you you can see like you can see the f****** trauma and the fear and the g like and I I I begged the
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, I don't want to. I mean, I don't want to watch
Kathryn Dressler: no I but I begged them all like let me send you this ev I'm sending
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Kathryn Dressler: you the transcripts but you need to watch the f****** video because you need to f****** see it. And I sent it to I made two attorneys watch it while I was like, "You're watching this." And when they watch it, they couldn't deny it, yet they never f****** filed it. And they told me I couldn't show
Ricky Stebbins: and we have to talk about this too because this they might be mandated reporters.
Kathryn Dressler: it.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if they are in every state and we can get them.
Kathryn Dressler: A lot of a lot of them are faces
 
 
02:04:07
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, it's just a I don't want to keep you all night.
Kathryn Dressler: is
Ricky Stebbins: You got to get your drinks and stuff. But when we talk later, this is stuff we need to write down and we need to get lawyers names because if you did this, I'm coming for you. If you're new,
Kathryn Dressler: No. And again,
Ricky Stebbins: need to do your
Kathryn Dressler: it's not all extracted, but you know, I've named them and she's got a lot. So,
Ricky Stebbins: job.
Kathryn Dressler: let me let me jump let me get to the store before they close cuz everything closes here early cuz it's small town. Um, and I'll circle back with you tonight after I manage all the babies.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: Look at this little cutie.
Ricky Stebbins: My little baby's doing something.
Kathryn Dressler: He's so He's
Ricky Stebbins: She's all wacky. She doesn't like it when I'm talking.
Kathryn Dressler: so Look at that
Ricky Stebbins: She gets all worked up. She's like, "What are you doing?" Such a cutie.
Kathryn Dressler: face.
 
 
02:04:46
 
Kathryn Dressler: He's so cute and he's such a good Whoever had him before was horrible
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Kathryn Dressler: to him cuz he has like severe separation. Like I even if I'm in the shower and the curtain is like and I when I first got him home I put him in a crate just for like a second because you know he they she told me he wasn't house. I have never ever ever heard those sounds come from an animal and I've rescued a lot. Like it sounded like he was being horrendously tortured. And so like I found out about these like belly bands, which I guess you can put on dogs while you're like house training them so they don't pee on everything. So now I don't have to put him in a crate not to pee on things. But no, like he he won't leave my side and so he'll be in the car. I got to give him a little babying, but then I'll um regroup. In the meantime, I'm going to see where she stands on her stuff and then give her your number and I'll send you
Ricky Stebbins: sounds great.
Kathryn Dressler: hers.
Ricky Stebbins: All right,
Kathryn Dressler: Thank you. Where's your baby?
Ricky Stebbins: talk to you later.
Kathryn Dressler: Let me see that pretty girl.
Ricky Stebbins: Harley took off. She wants to go outside or she wants a snack. Somebody's cooking. She's like, she's all about her stomach. Well, I picked her up when I was holding her. She was huffing and puffing, staring at me. She She wants a treat and I didn't give it to her. She's mad. Talk to you later. D. Thanks, Katherine. Bye.
 
 
Transcription ended after 02:06:28

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
