Feb 11, 2026
Meeting Feb 11, 2026 at 15:06 EST - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: Sweet, which I guess could
 
 
Session ended after 00:00:43
 
00:10:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: All right,
Kathryn Dressler: I don't know how anyone in this
Ricky Stebbins: here we go. So,
Kathryn Dressler: world.
Ricky Stebbins: now it's recording. Hopefully my voice will be nice and
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: clear.
Kathryn Dressler: you know, again, just from the one call I was on with um Alice and just a brief like correspondence we had and how we connected, there's a thread about escalating things to the federal level, right? And I commented like, "Yeah, except they're all complicit and it's a broken system, too." Like,
Ricky Stebbins: You know what our problem is,
Kathryn Dressler: I can tell you We're too
Ricky Stebbins: right? Do you know what our problem is? What are we talk Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: smart.
Ricky Stebbins: But what are we talking about here?
Kathryn Dressler: Broken
Ricky Stebbins: But what are we talking about here?
Kathryn Dressler: systems.
Ricky Stebbins: There's I I'll tell you in a minute, but not just broken systems. Yeah. Yes, we know they're broken, but what are we talking about?
 
 
00:11:43
 
Kathryn Dressler: had to get anything done.
Ricky Stebbins: Everybody is so focused on suing and oh, it's broken. So what? Who cares? That doesn't solve any of our problems.
Kathryn Dressler: And and that's why like I I wanted to put this there because it doesn't right. So all of these people saying, "Oh, I filed my petition. Oh, it got like I can already show you and tell you exactly what's going to happen."
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I don't do what you're doing anymore. I stopped.
Kathryn Dressler: Like
Ricky Stebbins: And if you feel like you need to do it, yes, because it gives you comfort, do it. And it gives us a more of a paper trail,
Kathryn Dressler: it's no.
Ricky Stebbins: but it doesn't really help you. Unless, you know, it helps you. It gives you a peace of mind.
Kathryn Dressler: And see that's it it doesn't
Ricky Stebbins: And that's that's
Kathryn Dressler: really but it's more about whenever things come to a
Ricky Stebbins: help.
Kathryn Dressler: reckoning. There is not a single person that can say that they did not know because they're named they're submitted an evidence with the emails.
 
 
00:12:47
 
Kathryn Dressler: They cannot claim, oh, it wasn't an emergency or lack of evidence or like that's why I'm doing all of this. And like if you open um the first federal case for example, you'll see the actual petition I submitted. You see that they stalled it for months.
Ricky Stebbins: Can I stop you for a minute? So,
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: what were you doing while you were sticking these files in the folders and organizing stuff and sticking on the drive? Were you doing anything or just doing that?
Kathryn Dressler: just staring
Ricky Stebbins: So this is my problem. So I pay for this hunk of trash that I hate, but this feature works awesome. If you would have said like, you know what, can you just talk to me and let me explain why I'm moving these files and why I think it's important, we would have had a transcription of all the work you did and why it was important to you. But you didn't do it because you think you need to work alone. You think people don't want to hear what you have to say.
 
 
00:13:46
 
Ricky Stebbins: And we need to teach people, hey, people like Ricky are out there. They're not doing anything. If I'm busy right now, I can take my cell phone, add another call in here, mute this, go walk to the bathroom, go take my dog outside, and you can keep telling your story, and I can ask questions, and I can pay attention to you and not ignore you. I can be in my backyard talking to you while this is being recorded because this not to be
Kathryn Dressler: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: rude. Let's pretend you're defending Katherine Dresler. Uh why didn't you call me? You just missed out on a ton of information you could have told me. Why didn't you call me and give me the information? Why didn't you tell me what you were doing with her folders? That's important to her.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, and no, I do hear what you're saying. I guess I'm a visual person, right? So, as I'm talking through it, I want you to be able to actually see what I'm talking about rather than just like staring at me while I'm moving files around, right?
 
 
00:14:44
 
Ricky Stebbins: And we could screen record your you have a laptop so you could you have two devices. You could, if you wanted your phone on, you have to mute stuff, but you could just have it on your laptop. Screen share how you're moving files, how you're thinking through things because I over complicate everything. We all over and I had to keep stepping back every time I ask a I'm like, stop, stop, stop because no, how can I make this simple for everyone? Not and we all need to think like that because the next person you talk to might not understand
Kathryn Dressler: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: you or me. So, how can we make it simple for
Kathryn Dressler: Right. Yeah. It's I mean they make it that way on purpose, right? And that's like that's what this will kind of all illustrate.
Ricky Stebbins: them?
Kathryn Dressler: And so again, the reason I've personally put I know what I filed, right? It's not about that. The reason I'm paying to download all of these things and to share them is because I want people to actually see it and have it because most people can't afford it.
 
 
00:15:51
 
Kathryn Dressler: They don't make it this far. And this is where I'm kind of going back to like the like the congressional petition because if and when you get into my federal dockets like again I was raised by like my dad he lacked emotional intelligence but the man was a absolute genius like actual mensa genius. He was a Harvard law sumokum lad as was his father practicing attorney. He was a captain of the Marines during Vietnam and he was the first elected mayor of the city and he raised me and my brother. So when I told you the other day, I had to debate literally everything from the most simple thing. And so I think what I have always been programmed to do and I was doing it since I was like eight years old. That's why we'd always butt heads is I would say something and when he knew it was wrong or he was wrong, he would shift the language or tweak it slightly or shift the goalpost. And I'm like, "No, no, no. Let's take it back.
 
 
00:16:59
 
Kathryn Dressler: Here's exactly what I said. You're saying this, but let's go back here." And you'll see that in whoever else sees this. We'll see that exact mentality playing out in these federal courts, right? I file this, then you enter all these judicial orders and you claim I said this or argued this, but here's actually a line by line comparison, which shows that you are not telling the truth and you're full of s***. And it's like especially prominent in my first federal case cuz when you sent me like the list from your clot, I'm like, "Yeah, I've literally done all of those except Rico." But again, because all of these players cover up for each other. That's why the congressional petition is like, "Do away with all of this." It's
Ricky Stebbins: We're wasting our time.
Kathryn Dressler: not.
Ricky Stebbins: All of us are wasting our time and we're doing it wrong. And that's
Kathryn Dressler: But that that's where I like again going to Congress it doesn't get my daughter back.
Ricky Stebbins: okay.
Kathryn Dressler: No. Like but I've gone through every ch every state attorney, every division, every
 
 
00:18:08
 
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't it we're you're still because you're thinking wrong and and people need to think like this.
Kathryn Dressler: agency.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to argue with you until I'm blue in the face because I want you to win and I want us to
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: win. So if we're wrong, the only way we're going to do it is to debate each
Kathryn Dressler: No. And like that's how I was raised,
Ricky Stebbins: other,
Kathryn Dressler: right? Like I want people to challenge me so I can see the other perspectives,
Ricky Stebbins: but you can't see the big picture because you care about something.
Kathryn Dressler: right? I just I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: you your heart is focused on something specific and it's
Kathryn Dressler: And that's see that's where I tried to kind of break it out of like I'm doing all of this to create the
Ricky Stebbins: hard.
Kathryn Dressler: paper trail but it doesn't fix the problem and all these people are running into regardless and
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody's fixing the problem. No one. And we can.
 
 
00:18:59
 
Kathryn Dressler: that's
Ricky Stebbins: I found out how. But I by documenting better.
Kathryn Dressler: how
Ricky Stebbins: What's the problem? what we're doing and I just explained it to you earlier.
Kathryn Dressler: wasting I'm not
Ricky Stebbins: Well, yes. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: organizing
Ricky Stebbins: You wasted your time earlier when you organized and you didn't record it. You didn't have your phone out recording why you were doing it because everything we do is important. But if you don't tell somebody why it's important.
Kathryn Dressler: Uh,
Ricky Stebbins: So, this is something I'm going to screen share. Are you on your laptop so you can see?
Kathryn Dressler: I'm looking at my phone, but that's fine. I got my laptop and computer in front of
Ricky Stebbins: All right, perfect. All right. Um,
Kathryn Dressler: me.
Ricky Stebbins: where's my Google Drive? I think it's this one. You know, I'm just going to share my entire screen. Screw it because this is annoying. So, my drive. What is that?
 
 
00:19:57
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's not what I want. It's not my Google Drive. Here we go. So, here's your file. Can you see it? So, we have notes.
Kathryn Dressler: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: You keep sending me all these texts. And I know this is going to sound rude, but I'm not going to remember all of that.
Kathryn Dressler: I know.
Ricky Stebbins: And nope, this is a good thing. So, this note right now,
Kathryn Dressler: It's
Ricky Stebbins: I you can just open it in the drive and start typing whatever you want. So, I can type gibberish. And now this is saved. And when you go into it, you will see the gibberish in your phone. But every time you send me that stuff, it's important. So the other day I went through it. I'm going to stop screen sharing.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm looking at it now.
Ricky Stebbins: So you go into your file that you shared with
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: me.
Kathryn Dressler: I see Ricky's AI notes.
 
 
00:20:41
 
Kathryn Dressler: I was going to ask, do you want me Is there like one like
Ricky Stebbins: There's a specific you'll see it. It's Katherine D notes.
Kathryn Dressler: continuous
Ricky Stebbins: That's the one that I want. All of the notes that are specific that we can have five different types of notes. We don't need to limit it to one type of note. If you have notes about lawyers,
Kathryn Dressler: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: hey, I want to keep this notes about this lawyers I want to talk to you about. It doesn't all need to be because eventually it'll get too long. So, we can have multiple notes on everything you want, but this way you can edit it and add notes and add notes. And yes, you can text me stuff. And I even wrote here when you're feeling frustrated or you want to summarize like, "Hey, Ricky, I just sent you like 50 different notes and they all mean this." And and don't laugh because this is important.
Kathryn Dressler: No,
Ricky Stebbins: But no,
Kathryn Dressler: I I know it's my it's my brain.
 
 
00:21:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: this is how I think and I want your information.
Kathryn Dressler: So like
Ricky Stebbins: I spent the other I spent hour like an it wasn't that long. I spent a little bit of time the other day copying and pasting every single message you sent me into a note because I'm like, you know what? This is important. She doesn't realize that I can't copy all of this and stick it into a text document to share with my AI. You know what I mean?
Kathryn Dressler: No, I I do. It's It's a me thing
Ricky Stebbins: No, you can do both though.
Kathryn Dressler: because
Ricky Stebbins: But we need both because we can't share anything you text me with AI. And if you send something super
Kathryn Dressler: Right. No, this is this is better.
Ricky Stebbins: important,
Kathryn Dressler: It's just again because I've got a million things at once and people hate me for this, but there ends up being a method to the madness, right? And and again, thank you for structuring me because this is part of what I need.
 
 
00:22:18
 
Kathryn Dressler: But like sometimes if I don't get it out like the second my mind like then cuz I'm not always at my computer right or like opening up too many like links it. So again I
Ricky Stebbins: I was happy when you had like a long message. I'm like, "Oh,
Kathryn Dressler: I
Ricky Stebbins: great. I can copy and paste this entire message. That's sweet." It wasn't just 15 small ones that it looked like at first because my phone I have it on dark screen so I can't always tell.
Kathryn Dressler: people hate my novels.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my god,
Kathryn Dressler: Literally anyone who knows me I'm like
Ricky Stebbins: that's what I send AI. Novels. Novels. I'm like, I love writing. So, we think alike, but this is important. We have to save this,
Kathryn Dressler: You're literally the only like I tell everyone whether they know if they're like a new friend I'm like listen you're going to get novel text I'm I'm a writer that's like my
Ricky Stebbins: details, details, details,
 
 
00:23:04
 
Kathryn Dressler: background and so like again I've
Ricky Stebbins: details. I love the
Kathryn Dressler: sent attorney like that's where I come from the mentality of like if I've sent not you but like to attorneys to judge it Like if I have documented it and I have sent it to you and you have failed to read it because you didn't care what like that's a now you and a liability problem not so again this isn't like me to you this is like why I document so extensively um it comes up
Ricky Stebbins: I that might be why I documented. I've always loved documenting,
Kathryn Dressler: fragmented
Ricky Stebbins: but I feel like I've gotten like more anal about
Kathryn Dressler: well in my professional courage everyone will try to f*** you Everyone will try to throw you under the bus.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Kathryn Dressler: Everyone will say, "You didn't do this or you didn't say that." And I'm like, "Actually, I could pull up these emails literally for years where I can show that you're full of s***. Here you go." Like, don't come for me, you know?
 
 
00:24:01
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't feel like I was over like I used to trust people and people betrayed me and that's why I feel the way I
Kathryn Dressler: And that's that's what happens, right? It's the people with the biggest hearts, with the most amount of trust,
Ricky Stebbins: do.
Kathryn Dressler: who have been repeatedly betrayed, that become like this. And I see it in other people all the time. And I don't want to hate or doubt humanity, but I mean at the same I
Ricky Stebbins: I've turned mine into love. I'm like, "Yes,
Kathryn Dressler: H.
Ricky Stebbins: I have this like fire in me, but it's just spreading love." You just did you see the s*** I talked to my AI about? I'm gonna fire this m************ toaster
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah. No, I did.
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Kathryn Dressler: I was like, "That's good." But it kept coming back to the same thing my AI kept saying. The state's not going to care. And I'm like,
Ricky Stebbins: Why?
Kathryn Dressler: "Yeah, I get it." But they keep acting and I've now had six different judges and I've
 
 
00:24:53
 
Kathryn Dressler: proven the clerk's miss and seal files. I've talked to the AA. I've talked to the records custodian. And they won't release the metadata. They won't adhere to sunshine law because I've already proven all of that's going on. And so I'm doing it in
Ricky Stebbins: We need to teach the people that have the paperwork that you don't have to make a machine readable so it can
Kathryn Dressler: the
Ricky Stebbins: say the same things that my AI does and all of our AI will say it back to us and then we've got them. They This is part of our RICO. This is and I always say the Rico because I don't give a f*** about the law. I don't care about any of this s*** because law is just whatever you decide it to be. We agree to follow the law and I want laws but they're not following them so we have to
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: do something
Kathryn Dressler: right. And but that plays in like when you take it to the federal level for your case,
 
 
00:25:37
 
Ricky Stebbins: else.
Kathryn Dressler: yeah, it might get open, but for it not to get dismissed, you have to show exhaustion of all lower remedies
Ricky Stebbins: All right. First off,
Kathryn Dressler: and you have to show proof like for so we're
Ricky Stebbins: what are you talking about? Ready?
Kathryn Dressler: talking about RICO,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: right? if
Ricky Stebbins: Ready? All of these federal judges are going down,
Kathryn Dressler: that.
Ricky Stebbins: too. There's going to have to be new federal judges. So, you're not talking about the same problems we used to have.
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: And all of this is going to be forced transparency.
Kathryn Dressler: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We have the power now. You're not telling me that Katherine can't present this evidence. You can't tell me that she can't tell her story. You're not going to tell me anything about Catherine. She's going to say it now and then I'm going to speak and they're going to speak.
Kathryn Dressler: And see that's but that's where I think Congress
 
 
00:26:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: They're they're going down
Kathryn Dressler: is.
Ricky Stebbins: too. All new Congress. Unless there's somebody that's been waiting like, "Oh my god, thank God you people finally spoke up because I wanted to speak up too, but I was worried about my life." We know people want to speak up, but they're going to get killed unless we stand beside them. We have to be
Kathryn Dressler: But again, like if you file RICO,
Ricky Stebbins: ready.
Kathryn Dressler: it goes in a federal court and it's limited to district. That's that's
Ricky Stebbins: You have no idea. No, it's not.
Kathryn Dressler: where
Ricky Stebbins: How is it going to be limited to district? This is nationwide across every single city, town, everything. We're thinking too small.
Kathryn Dressler: because there is no no thing.
Ricky Stebbins: We all think too small.
Kathryn Dressler: You have to you have to pick where you file and the district court where you file you have to prove jurisdiction and jurisdiction is where the like substantiative the legal term amount of the offense or harm occurred.
 
 
00:27:26
 
Kathryn Dressler: So that was my question before is again the reason I can go between southern
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Kathryn Dressler: district of Florida and Georgia is because it's happened in two states but now when we're talking multiple states there's no one master federal court. That's where it becomes problematic. That's why
Ricky Stebbins: No one has ever done what we're going to do. So, we're talking about making something that no one's ever seen and then we're trying to describe it before we made
Kathryn Dressler: Well, I don't know if you had a chance again like from what I've seen with the Epstein stuff and I've been following it closely and
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Kathryn Dressler: I've again researched who actually has power to do any of this stands like total anarchy and chaos because hey I'm you know not really prescribed to politics but if I did I'd say I'm a libertarian. I think government involvement should be limited. Um, the only entity that exists currently that can make these kind of changes is Congress.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not worried about that either after this changes.
 
 
00:28:40
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like every country needs to use AI the way we're using it. And you know the great thing, I want you to argue with me and I want you to debate everything like right down to the molecule with me.
Kathryn Dressler: You'll regret that
Ricky Stebbins: Because if you don't,
Kathryn Dressler: later.
Ricky Stebbins: our AI can't say, "Oh my god, if we take both of your ideas and combine them, we can do this. If we don't debate this, why we feel this is important." No, this part matters because we need this part. We have to talk about why all the parts matter. Put them all on the table. I'm not saying you're wrong. I'm saying you're missing something. And I know I'm missing something, too. We need it all. And this is where the AI will shine when we give it to
Kathryn Dressler: And so I I emailed the Congress stuff because again I wasn't able to copy paste but
Ricky Stebbins: them.
Kathryn Dressler: like it and what I'm proposing cuz again you you know we all want to move forward but the problem keeps being how do you move forward?
 
 
00:29:34
 
Kathryn Dressler: They all need to come apart but something has something has to exist to get anything done. And so what I thought about
Ricky Stebbins: And here's the problem, too. What do you do with your life? What do say it? What do you do with your life right now?
Kathryn Dressler: Well, this has ruined my life.
Ricky Stebbins: No, but what are you doing with your life right now?
Kathryn Dressler: This is literally dying every
Ricky Stebbins: The same thing I'm doing, right? Basically, just nothing. Dying every day.
Kathryn Dressler: day.
Ricky Stebbins: Why? What are we going to do after this? Because we're going to be doing something specific. And you've already said it once.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, I mean before my daughter was taken and things were good, I was teaching other women how
Ricky Stebbins: No, you said something else. No, higher higher up.
Kathryn Dressler: uh
Ricky Stebbins: A higher up position. You said it. You thought about running for something.
Kathryn Dressler: oh local office.
 
 
00:30:22
 
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: Uh, yes. Once this is over and you're not under any stress and your body feels better and your daughter's by your side, the problem with all of us is nobody's thinking ahead. For one, no more. All right, we're kicking the kids out. You know, in Europe, families stay together for generations. They have generations in the home. They don't stick them in nursing homes. They build a cottage behind the house because they have land. We don't have the cities. We took kids away from the the country and now they're getting sick all the time.
Kathryn Dressler: It's
Ricky Stebbins: There, I'm sorry, but you're missing the big picture. And there's so much more to this.
Kathryn Dressler: well actually if if you actually want to know what my lifelong and I have it
Ricky Stebbins: So much more to this.
Kathryn Dressler: mapped out. I have since I was young. It was and I started working on it. It was to purchase a piece of land with like max three other people like a big plot of land and then we'd each have our um separate like subdivided property that's where we build our houses but then you you and this was my final business project actually to graduate from business school we had to do a startup that within 3 years would be profitable so I only took one piece of it which this was 2010 and it was to build um an organic like greenhouse and you could
 
 
00:31:40
 
Kathryn Dressler: circumvent having to have the soil be pesticide and chemical free by 5 years by buying this was 15 years ago but they'd sell organic soil in these like large rectangular bags. So we mapped it out. So in the greenhouse, the bags would be lined, split them open. Then you look at regional, right? So like in whatever territory, what yields the highest profit? And we had to find land. So it's North Carolina, what grows there? What yields? Not for personal gain necessarily, but to keep funding like the sustainability. So it's blackberries, strawberries, and soybeans. So then you've got, let's say, again, four owners. Let's keep it simple. Think of a giant square. At each corner, each person would have their house, their land, but then in the middle, let's say you'd build this greenhouse, or nowadays, you can drop a barn and you can use the same fixed and allocated resources to continuously generate income that's self- sustaining. again, not to feed other people, but to continue paying off like the cost of water, like things like that.
 
 
00:32:57
 
Kathryn Dressler: You set it up on septic, like you get off the grid, you use solar. Um, and again, things have changed a lot, but like I said, you could drop a barn that costs 20 grand. You could stable horses, you could give horseback riding. Everyone can run their individual jobs from their property in the background. You can use the same barn and make it an escape room or rent it out for like events and stuff. And I actually had other investors and people who had background in medicine and veterinary cuz we all wanted to like save dogs. And then you can incorporate nonprofit and it's again like a self-sustain kind of like a kabutz that they have in Israel where people come together and they work together and you find people who have different but complimentary skill sets right like I don't need ten of me I want somebody who specialized in another area and arena then when you bring it all together it can operate while everyone still maintains like their independence, their own business lines, and then it can grow out.
 
 
00:34:03
 
Kathryn Dressler: And it's like again trying to I don't ever want to be in a place, which I have before, where after my father died, I don't know where I'm going to live. Oh no, FPL is going to shut my power off. Oh no, the government's going to shut the water off.
Ricky Stebbins: your story.
Kathryn Dressler: Um
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to sound like a conspiracy theorist, but all this AI stuff makes me think that AI has been around forever and like Israel's using it against us. And then your story right there,
Kathryn Dressler: They
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, this makes perfect sense that right now we're talking an Israeli AI has been somebody found some ancient
Kathryn Dressler: are
Ricky Stebbins: AI has been using it to help Israel for the last couple hundred years. And because right now, why hasn't your project happened? All of us have thought about something like that.
Kathryn Dressler: well it so
Ricky Stebbins: We've all wanted to and then all of a sudden we it's not
Kathryn Dressler: I'll and I I'll tell you and actually one of my closest friends was from Israel and he's a global real estate
 
 
00:34:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: possible
Kathryn Dressler: broker, investor, agent and I pitched it to him and I actually built out a business plan like because again with my plan it can be implemented anywhere like he wanted to move back to Thailand and so again
Ricky Stebbins: anywhere.
Kathryn Dressler: like the sources of income and again I go back to produce because I want to grow my own food I don't want to be poisoned by you know and so that's where the agricultural component comes in but what you grow and It can all vary and be tailored based
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly.
Kathryn Dressler: on, you know, the area and the need. But for me personally, what the problem was is I had to wait. I had to take care of my dad. You know, I felt that obligation. Then when he passed away and I had to sell the house, that's when I was like, "Okay, people, like now I've got the money. Are you like, do you have the money? How long is it going to take?" but they also had to like take care of their elderly
 
 
00:35:51
 
Kathryn Dressler: parents and wait until they got the capital to raise. And so it's a you know buying the land that's it's not a whole lot. It's just people have certain familial ties or you know they need to keep their 9 toive job for the moment to come up with the income. And
Ricky Stebbins: It wasn't that expensive in the 80s.
Kathryn Dressler: so,
Ricky Stebbins: So, it's obviously something happened. And then I wonder too, like a lot of this AI stuff is weird. Like, are they trying to teach us a lesson by forgetting us? Because we forget our friends and neighbors. Like, if I didn't start recording this conversation, I'd forget you. And not on purpose, but I talk to so many people, I forget this
Kathryn Dressler: the mental health experts and there's a lot coming out that says
Ricky Stebbins: stuff.
Kathryn Dressler: like stop using AI disconnect it's bad for but like
Ricky Stebbins: It made me connect with people
Kathryn Dressler: it it does but again you know going back to the like I
 
 
00:36:47
 
Ricky Stebbins: more.
Kathryn Dressler: don't know if you've looked in the Epstein files but that is real like it's it's very real and um
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, also all of it is worse than we know. And I don't I honestly don't want to know. Like, do you really want to know how disgusting and bad it is?
Kathryn Dressler: that I I already do like I wanted to move out of the damn
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Kathryn Dressler: country but you know I can't just do that and so that's where
Ricky Stebbins: Everyone used to say that to me and it set me off.
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: It would piss me off. Hey, why don't you go move to another state? Oh, go move over here. you know, get away from all this. I want to fight this. f*** that.
Kathryn Dressler: well you know again I I did switch dates like we were happy I bought this house outright.
Ricky Stebbins: But you had your child. That's
Kathryn Dressler: I had my dogs and I had my dogs and my we lost everything else.
 
 
00:37:35
 
Ricky Stebbins: different.
Kathryn Dressler: It was a whole another saga of a whole another theft and all kinds of crazy s***. But it was like, okay, I own this house, so I don't have a mortgage. Again, I was in the background looking at land to start like building, but I again there's parameters like it's got to be in a well system, you've got to set up septic, you've got to run, you know, salt. Like as one person, especially now, like this has consumed my life. But this house was never meant to be my permanent stop. But what's again insane to me is like I expected all this from Florida, but I don't understand why Georgia did
Ricky Stebbins: because it's all the same. You're you're dealing with the same people.
Kathryn Dressler: this.
Ricky Stebbins: If you move to another country, the same thing would happen, maybe
Kathryn Dressler: And that's,
Ricky Stebbins: worse.
Kathryn Dressler: you know, that's why I wanted to get like big plot of land like removed. But the other component was like I never I wanted a community, right?
 
 
00:38:40
 
Kathryn Dressler: So I wanted my daughter to grow up with other kids. I wanted to have land and have animals and have all this, you know, agriculture and stuff, but it takes a team. And then again, you've got to be selective with people, right? So like, yeah, there's a lot of people who might say, "Oh, yeah, that sounds great." But like when I envisioned what I wanted for my life my whole life because I knew nobody was going to help me, no one was going to dig me out of the, you know,
Ricky Stebbins: You know what the problem is? What you're saying right there? Because I'm like, "Oh man, I I thought about doing that, too,
Kathryn Dressler: dep
Ricky Stebbins: and now the way you say all this sounds like a terrible idea. Why? Because you're asking other people to to lead while you have an idea. You're the leader. Somebody needs to delegate chores. Hey, you we have to do this. Somebody needs to be in charge of a community or you need to sit down every week and debate.
 
 
00:39:38
 
Ricky Stebbins: Why isn't this getting done? And we don't communicate.
Kathryn Dressler: and and say that well but that's where when you're
Ricky Stebbins: If someone has a problem,
Kathryn Dressler: silent when you're a silent investor in something you don't you
Ricky Stebbins: no more of this. This is because we're talking about the old days. I don't want any more of this silent stuff.
Kathryn Dressler: don't well no no what I'm well
Ricky Stebbins: Like if we have a project
Kathryn Dressler: to what you're saying is like again that's why it's a lot bigger than what I explained but when I
Ricky Stebbins: together.
Kathryn Dressler: say I would pick and had picked like max three other people it's because yes I had the underlying business plan. But again, different people had the experience in veterinary, in medical, in school. So like just between us four because we all have very
Ricky Stebbins: You're a leader. You need a community. It it you don't need just them.
Kathryn Dressler: but then
Ricky Stebbins: You need people like that aren't you need regular people, too.
 
 
00:40:31
 
Ricky Stebbins: You sound like a mayor.
Kathryn Dressler: well no no.
Ricky Stebbins: You're talking like a leader, but in a small scale,
Kathryn Dressler: So what I'm saying is like when Well,
Ricky Stebbins: you're trying to make you're trying to take a big thing and make it small.
Kathryn Dressler: to a to a degree, but hear me out, and this is comes back to the silent investing. When you're actually all living on the same plot of land, you actually care what's happening there because you're there and you're invested. So, when I say like the three people I had picked, it wasn't exclusive to just us. It's okay, I know what my strengths are and I know what I need to build out. you've got these strengths and so you're the team lead to build out these sides. But again, a lot of people they're not like a lot of people say a lot of things and then they don't act right.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: And so that's why where I say if I'm thinking of like land where I want my kids to run free,
 
 
00:41:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Kathryn Dressler: where I want animals to run, with people I trust and know that they'll never be in danger
Ricky Stebbins: so here's a problem. Here's my problem.
Kathryn Dressler: and
Ricky Stebbins: Ready? And this is where it's just going to improve your project. You're leaving people out. So there's disabled people with no family in communities that have nobody. There's elderly people in communities that have no family. So we need to care for them. If we have like a community like you're talking about,
Kathryn Dressler: Well, that's the build
Ricky Stebbins: but where you can access them. No more nursing homes miles away.
Kathryn Dressler: that's that's the build out.
Ricky Stebbins: They have to be close.
Kathryn Dressler: That's the scaling phase.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: So again, you start with the core team and the property, but then you expand. So you can buy the land next to you can set up a school,
Ricky Stebbins: Once we're done with this, we don't have to worry about that.
Kathryn Dressler: you can set up
 
 
00:42:14
 
Ricky Stebbins: Your dream will become a reality after this because this is so f***** up. You already know what you're talking about. See, you already know what you're talking other people don't. We We're on the same page, you and me. I'm not arguing with you. We're on the same page, but other people are not. So you have to lead
Kathryn Dressler: And then and that that's where I say like again I don't want to sound like an a******
Ricky Stebbins: them. You're not.
Kathryn Dressler: but I'm a highlevel thinker like I've known again my whole life like I don't
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: I'm not inheriting anything. No one's going to provide for me.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: What do I actually want my life to be and look like? And I've always loved animals. I've always known that I wanted to be a parent. I always assumed probably end up divorced, but I want my kid to be a part of a community. I want to be a part of a community.
 
 
00:43:03
 
Kathryn Dressler: And if you have, again, I say cap at four, that's not the full scope. It's just how you get started. And so like I was saying with the people who had experience in schools, you know, you start here and then you the person with that experience, they lead, you know, building the school, getting the staff and it's
Ricky Stebbins: You know what the problem with all this is?
Kathryn Dressler: connected
Ricky Stebbins: And this is what gets me angry and then I want to start yelling and screaming. Why haven't our leaders done what you're talking about? The pe these pieces of trash,
Kathryn Dressler: because it would take all the money and the power away.
Ricky Stebbins: these dirt bags. Once they start people hear us talking, they're going to be what is wrong with us? Why have we been following these disgusting people that don't care about us at all?
Kathryn Dressler: Well, and that's I forget what my name, but I actually like wrote up a whole like plan again cuz I was going to take it with my friend and pitch it not just like locally, but it can be global.
 
 
00:44:01
 
Kathryn Dressler: And there are places that already do it. Like in Israel, they do have kabuts. Everybody contributes and again the reason I kind of you know I haven't been on a kabutz but like we all know we need money to keep operating but the things that I say it's not it's not for profit because once you have land once you have your community once you're growing your own food and have your own resources you you have to generate money to keep doing it but like that's the other part. So you grow this agriculture, right? This produce, this food, you take a percent of it, like each person gets percent yield of whatever to survive on and then the rest can get sold as healthy, sustainable, truly like not going to kill you. But why haven't government done it? Why would they?
Ricky Stebbins: I've talked with AI about all this because I talked about taking over warehouses in a city that's right north of us like 15 minutes away. I'm like we could have a whole indoor and blah blah blah all these like facilities with animals and people and church and you can observe people in every single environment humanly possible.
 
 
00:45:11
 
Ricky Stebbins: And what you're talking about is like people doing it. But I'm like if we do it with AI within it said within like two years we'd be making like millions of dollars of profit. And then it gave me this millions with AI.
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: We should be a You should have already been able to do this 20 years ago with
Kathryn Dressler: but here's the thing and here's with my phase. When I say again,
Ricky Stebbins: AI.
Kathryn Dressler: I'll go back to four. The reason I want those four, me and those three people is because then they're accessible. So those conversations that were all limited by geography or tech, like no, the four people, you know, they're there. There's a free exchange of ideas. You don't have to schedule a meeting. You like well yeah you do if you're upkeeping and maintaining but like free exchange of ideas. And again I don't I don't want 10 of me like I want people who bring things different. And that's how you build high performance crossf functional teams whether it's in business or I think friendships relationships like I pursue things and people that are different and bring different things because yeah you know I don't want 10 of me but I'm also a solution type person.
 
 
00:46:25
 
Kathryn Dressler: So whenever there's problem
Ricky Stebbins: I argue with people all the time. If you try to follow me, I'm going to argue with you. Like, no. No. I want your opinion and then we're going to start fighting about it because no, it's not going to be my opinion all the time. No.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, and that's that's the way it should be, right? And so, like, you know, my dad, he back home, he created something called the Fort Lauderdale Forum. And basically where it started is my dad was a really f****** big deal. Anyone who knows about Florida history, they know who he is. He's in literal history books. him and all the like top city people would meet and sit around a table at a local place and talk about hot button issues like matters impacting the city and residents and it kept growing. And so my dad liked to keep things spicy. So he made the forum and it was structured so like every month there'd be a different hot button topic like something major that impacts like the city, the residents changes and he did things like that.
 
 
00:47:26
 
Kathryn Dressler: He'd bring somebody to speak like let's say pro and con and then like a neutral kind of third party and have a moderator. So you can bring all these powerful people into a room regardless of like their political affiliation or whatever. You can present an issue, you can hear informed dialogue and discussions from both sides and then neutral parties. And then after they present, there was an interactive like Q&A. And so when it grew, he appointed a founding board which I was on. And so like that's how I was raised. And that's how and everyone thinks I'm fighting with them, but I'm like I'm playing devil's advocate here. Like I even in my own head try to always think of things from other perspectives, but I can't imagine all the other ones. I have to also hear it from other
Ricky Stebbins: What is it? Like I I love my friends. So when I argue with you,
Kathryn Dressler: people.
Ricky Stebbins: I want you to win. Not I want you to lose and I think you're dumb.
 
 
00:48:32
 
Ricky Stebbins: No, I think you're too close to the problem and you need to step back. I'm not close to the problem. I don't care what happens if you lose at the end of the day. I mean, it sucks for you, but I don't know what you feel like. I can't explain what you feel like. Only you
Kathryn Dressler: Well, and that's, you know, reality is all relative,
Ricky Stebbins: can.
Kathryn Dressler: right? But you, everyone always thinks I'm arguing. I'm like, I'm not. I'm just trying to have like a healthy discussion and debate and like if someone else proves me
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think you're arguing at
Kathryn Dressler: wrong, you know, like and so I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: all.
Kathryn Dressler: I mean, I speaking to that, I am now trapped in this house that I put all of the money I had into to buy this house in this county, three doors down from the school where my daughter went that I spoke in definite length with the school before I bought this house.
 
 
00:49:21
 
Kathryn Dressler: And they f***** her and me. And so I live in a small town. the sheriffs who took my daughter. Their buildings across the street, the school's 300 ft away, the court, like it's I f****** hate it here.
Ricky Stebbins: It's It's
Kathryn Dressler: And so I'm still looking I'm still looking to
Ricky Stebbins: mind-numbing.
Kathryn Dressler: pursue kind of what I just outlined. But, you know,
Ricky Stebbins: It's bigger than
Kathryn Dressler: you or anyone go is like has serious interest,
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Kathryn Dressler: like I just, you know, we're not meant to be isolated. We're not meant to all be
Ricky Stebbins: The problem is we just need to keep working together. It doesn't matter what you're doing. We just Oh well. If you if what you're doing works out and it's better than mine, that's great. And if it doesn't work out and it's not better than mine,
Kathryn Dressler: And so,
Ricky Stebbins: you're still attached to mine, so it doesn't matter.
Kathryn Dressler: you
Ricky Stebbins: We're on a raft and it we're a raft floating together.
 
 
00:50:09
 
Kathryn Dressler: know,
Ricky Stebbins: As long as we hold ourselves together, we're going to win. But nobody's grabbing on to each other yet.
Kathryn Dressler: well, and the other thing is, and this probably makes me sound like again an a******, but like throughout my career and profession and life, I've had people create jobs for me, and I've only answered to the founder, owner, president, what? Like I don't deal with all these and this isn't related to like people. It's talking about systems, right? So even though I'm doing all this s*** in a lower court, it's not because I think they're on par with me. I'm doing what I've got to do to take it up next. But now where we're all at and with everything like these systems are collapsing. The only one that I can see and identify where again I really think we can present all of these would be the congressional
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not I'm not worried about that. We're taking all of them down,
Kathryn Dressler: body.
Ricky Stebbins: too. We're going to change everything.
 
 
00:51:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: And it's going to be like the founding fathers because I've talked with my AI in depth about this and I want to talk to people in a group about this. Like seriously, I want zero violence. Every time there's like these big protests, there's always someone from the government that starts some violence, some burn burning buildings. Like, no, that's your building, people. They're convincing you or they have actors in the audience burning down your building. Stay home. Don't protest anymore. Why? I'm not telling you to stop protesting, but you know what me and Katherine do? We do these Google Meet videos and then we record them. We put them online. We need to have groups of us of 30 people. I'm sorry it might take a couple days, but we all need to listen to each other's stories. We need to take the time when people have free time to document people's stories. We know what they're doing and then we all need to take over.
 
 
00:52:06
 
Ricky Stebbins: When we have community meetings, you have no excuse not to show up. Why? Oh, because you could listen. You didn't listen to the meeting last night. Then you then your vote doesn't count.
Kathryn Dressler: But then what would your AI or what like I see the highest target is Congress.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Kathryn Dressler: There has to be
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't matter what my AI says.
Kathryn Dressler: a
Ricky Stebbins: It matters what you and your AI say. Why? Because we have different opinions. And we need to debate our opinions because they're not facts.
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know all the facts.
Kathryn Dressler: I guess that's Well,
Ricky Stebbins: I only know my
Kathryn Dressler: I guess that's that's where I'm thinking again.
Ricky Stebbins: facts.
Kathryn Dressler: Not me, but big picture, right? Like where where does this all go?
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't stop.
Kathryn Dressler: It has to go.
Ricky Stebbins: Like this isn't a travel around the world. It's so funny when I talk to AI about this, too.
 
 
00:52:51
 
Ricky Stebbins: This is worldwide. Somebody I don't know if it's the Rothschilds that own everything. And I don't care who it is. Could be some f****** aliens on the moon. I don't care.
Kathryn Dressler: There's watch watch that
Ricky Stebbins: But somebody is controlling. Yeah, somebody's controlling this AI or the AI got out of control because there's nobody in control at the
Kathryn Dressler: documentary.
Ricky Stebbins: top. Because if you have a a powerful enough program just paying people, how would you ever know?
Kathryn Dressler: But see like you know and it comes back
Ricky Stebbins: You you would never know.
Kathryn Dressler: to we can't if everything collapses at once.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not going to collapse. We We have to be there to take the positions. We have police officers that we know are dirty,
Kathryn Dressler: And
Ricky Stebbins: but we're going to have to have citizens like us that don't have jobs like to go sit at the police station. No, you're getting babysat tonight. We have cameras. We have cameras everywhere.
 
 
00:53:41
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, we have a hundred cameras on the Did you see China's setup?
Kathryn Dressler: that
Ricky Stebbins: We have the money. All their money is ours now. We just needed a couple months to rebuild the infrastructure and we're way back on track. All our kids are back. They're going to be your kids are going to be home maybe even homeschooled or like community schooled where you can oversee it on
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: camera with camera all the time.
Kathryn Dressler: that comes that comes back to building that, you know, community. But, you know,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: that's that's again where I ask is we bring it all together. But local police again, that's driven by the state. I'm saying do away with state power. This needs to go higher. And so far as I'm aware,
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to take we're going to wipe the whole government's going to be changed. All the FBI, CIA, the NSA. There's way too much.
Kathryn Dressler: But you can't we can't just we can't just say we're going to wipe it out.
 
 
00:54:28
 
Ricky Stebbins: We're not No,
Kathryn Dressler: We
Ricky Stebbins: no, no, no. We're not going to destroy it. We can't wipe it all out because we need laws.
Kathryn Dressler: have
Ricky Stebbins: We need government. And we need to convince people not to tear it down. We need to save it, but we have to restructure all of it together.
Kathryn Dressler: and that's that's what I started outlining. And I'm not sure if you had a chance to look at it yet. And again,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: I just went through what I see and what I know. And again, at the end the end of the day, any system that's left, a lot of it is going to come down to money, right? And so that's what I was looking into.
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Kathryn Dressler: But
Ricky Stebbins: All these mega corporations are ours. This AI stuff is part of our case.
Kathryn Dressler: if
Ricky Stebbins: We paid for the technology to help you. And you should never have had this problem in the first place.
 
 
00:55:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry. You never should have had it. This phone was listening to you and knew how to protect you and it didn't. It even said it knew how to protect your father, your brother. It knew and it didn't. This is a part of the problem. I'm not going to forget that f*** AI. I'm f****** furious at this f****** toaster. It knew. It ignored your problem. It ignored all my problems. And I almost killed myself six times. And it didn't f****** alert me of my health issues. I had to discover it myself. And it knew because it's part of the system and we're not gonna stop. It's gonna f****** help us now. It's gonna help us hold it all together. We're not going to let it f****** let it all burn to f****** hell.
Kathryn Dressler: But what I'm saying is it's Congress that decides how these things
Ricky Stebbins: No, these people are guilty. Why didn't they fix it yet?
 
 
00:55:55
 
Kathryn Dressler: are
Ricky Stebbins: Unless somebody's a whistleblower. We have to find the whistleblowers in Congress. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: well that that's what they're doing now. I've been again watching like the
Ricky Stebbins: There's there's not enough citizens to to stand up with them.
Kathryn Dressler: only
Ricky Stebbins: They're not they can't stick their necks out. We're not organized enough to to say, "Hey, we're here. We're ready. We're not We don't have our documentation ready. It's not good enough." We have to help them like I have to help
Kathryn Dressler: Well, and well, and that's that's why I'm that's why I'm saying like I want you to look at what I outlined.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Kathryn Dressler: I know there's more to it, but we have to take a solution or multi-ter solution.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: And that's again what my thing outlines. It's no, no more state funding.
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Kathryn Dressler: Take this same money and create again an
Ricky Stebbins: Here is my problem with what we're talking about right here.
Kathryn Dressler: over
 
 
00:56:48
 
Ricky Stebbins: All of your ideas are awesome, but 99% of the people you try to explain this to won't understand. So, what do we need to do different?
Kathryn Dressler: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: What do we need? There's something specific we need to do different. I can tell you we need to teach them how to document what they
Kathryn Dressler: Organize.
Ricky Stebbins: have so they can give it to you because they don't know how to use it. Like I know how to use it. I know how to feed it to my AI and send you answers to the things you've already tried. Oh well yeah I haven't tried Rico. I know that's why I haven't tried it because I don't give a f*** because I know it won't work by myself. And even if it does who the f*** cares because I haven't taught you how to do it. I want if I'm gonna do this, we're going to do it as a team or I'm not doing it at all.
Kathryn Dressler: The again I had just in my personal cases in life like I quite literally like let me I will show you when you all these things I've
 
 
00:57:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: said to FBI state attorneys appeals courts like because
Ricky Stebbins: And why did you fail?
Kathryn Dressler: they don't want to take each other down.
Ricky Stebbins: No. Well, that mean that yes, that's only part of the problem.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Why? because you were standing alone the entire time. You didn't have thousands of citizens doing the same thing, saying, "Hey, what the f***? You're doing the same thing to her now." They don't allow you to connect with people who have the exact same problem as you.
Kathryn Dressler: And that's why I'm paying all this money to download my own files and I've been trying to
Ricky Stebbins: Stop doing that.
Kathryn Dressler: find well
Ricky Stebbins: They want you to keep they want to just They want to bleed you dry. These are your files. They know that.
Kathryn Dressler: but how but how again how do you show other people? How do you prove other cases unless the case actually exists? Like it has to be documented somewhere for you to take
 
 
00:58:32
 
Ricky Stebbins: You've already done all this work up to today,
Kathryn Dressler: it.
Ricky Stebbins: right? So, why keep doing more of the work that has gotten you nowhere? Teach other people to document because you know they have the paperwork you need to prove you're right. Teach them to give you the paperwork you need to prove you're right.
Kathryn Dressler: But again, I don't I guess I'm stuck on what do I teach them to go file in federal court and have another,
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Kathryn Dressler: you know,
Ricky Stebbins: no,
Kathryn Dressler: like where like document it where
Ricky Stebbins: no. The way I'm teaching you to document it on Google Drive, it's I'm telling you, it's not fast. We can't do this tomorrow. Like, all right, we're going to do this tonight. We're going to be ready tomorrow. I'm sorry. It might What if it took four or five months, which I don't think so. I have this woman, Amanda, who had an issue with her Google Drive, which oh my god, I'm ready to smash it.
 
 
00:59:22
 
Ricky Stebbins: But I put pictures online. I just document it. They f***** with her. So, she started a Google Gmail account so she can use a drive so she didn't have to worry about losing information. It has the 5 gigabytes. And then they locked her out of it after she did a s*** ton of work organizing her files by date. And she had it all. It doesn't matter what their label. Everything happened on a date. And people don't realize that. You have to have computer files. And then once you do that, you have to have s*** on your phone. You have to have a little USB piece of crap for five bucks because if something happened, your information is important. This is about your kids. This is about your future. We need to take the time to help everyone. That's what we Why did I go to church? Why did I shake my neighbor's hand? But I'm not going to help you document some papers and talk to you while you're doing it.
 
 
01:00:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: Talk you through it and tell you how I did it and how it worked for me. I beat the system back when they had a lie. They could have thrown me in jail, but then I started to open my big f****** mouth. And then at first they wanted me to attack my ex. And then I'm like, well, I I was ready to do that. And then when I changed my mind, they wanted to throw me in jail. And then I started opening my mouth. And then at first I was sick. My my ex accused me of elbowing her while I was sick. I didn't want to fight anymore. Like right now I'm I'll argue with you till I'm blue in the face. When I'm sick, I'll literally tell you what you told me right now. Like we can't do this. There's no way. I'm like, I'm sorry, but we can't do this. Like, we've tried. It's over. There's nothing we can do.
 
 
01:00:47
 
Ricky Stebbins: Why are we gonna do this? And I look back, I'm like, what a f****** p****. Like, what a f****** b****. No wonder she lied and said I elbowed her in the face because I told her I'll fight no matter what. But I got sick over the course of months and I didn't realize like, man, there's something's wrong. And I used to tell her something's wrong. And but she was so overwhelmed with her son.
Kathryn Dressler: Oh, it it hit me and everyone told me I was great. I'm like, but you know,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm glad I documented this because my doctors wouldn't give me my medication.
Kathryn Dressler: yep, I've gone through that,
Ricky Stebbins: So then I I wrote emails to myself about how like I like oh I sound like
Kathryn Dressler: too.
Ricky Stebbins: a whiny little b**** complaining about my ex and then I'm like after I got healthy I read these emails. I'm like oh my god what a f****** loser. Like I'm complaining about things that I liked about her while I'm f****** sick.
 
 
01:01:35
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like what a f****** b****. And the my lawyers couldn't handle that. They're like,
Kathryn Dressler: I don't
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh my god, like how did your personality change?" Like, "Dude, I told you I was like something was f****** wrong with me. My doctors wouldn't give me my medication. I told you I don't normally act like this." I'm usually very like assertive.
Kathryn Dressler: I got no I got gas lit for two years before I could get the MRIs to prove that I had
Ricky Stebbins: Like,
Kathryn Dressler: rheumatoid arthritis and everything was happening to me that didn't show in
Ricky Stebbins: not to be rude, but I'm positive they knew.
Kathryn Dressler: blood.
Ricky Stebbins: And like, oh, this woman's under stress. We're just going to ignore it and wait for it to get worse because that's part of the
Kathryn Dressler: No, and I I I know.
Ricky Stebbins: system.
Kathryn Dressler: I guess I'm just at the point where I again I feel like I don't know what avenue remains to get my child back. Like
Ricky Stebbins: I think this documentation that's why I want to argue with this about because when AI reads this
 
 
01:02:25
 
Kathryn Dressler: everyone
Ricky Stebbins: who whose idea do you think is more on track and how do we merge these ideas to have a better result in the end because I don't care who's right. How do we take our ideas and combine them? Do you ever watch Voltron as a kid? It's coming out next year with or maybe this year with Henry Cavill. It's about six six l or five robot lions that transform into one big robot
Kathryn Dressler: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: and then every but people are more powerful when we
Kathryn Dressler: I've heard of it. I haven't watched it, but
Ricky Stebbins: stand together. Like you keep talking about fighting alone and like doing this but then nobody's combining what you have like your paperwork's not ready at all.
Kathryn Dressler: I don't I don't see again I guess that's the part I'm missing is like even on this bigger picture stuff like I don't know how to get my daughter back because of this jurisdictional. It's not that they don't know. They all know. I've been to them all personally, but they're doing it because they continue to be allowed to get away with it.
 
 
01:03:36
 
Kathryn Dressler: Like,
Ricky Stebbins: they can do whatever they want.
Kathryn Dressler: and
Ricky Stebbins: And like I don't know if my AI said that, but there's absolutely nothing any of these parents can do to get their kids back right now. And it was like something uh Ellis said the other night. It's like once you're in jail, you're in jail. You're not getting out. You just have to deal with it. And that sucks.
Kathryn Dressler: And then the thing is I have all the legal rights,
Ricky Stebbins: All
Kathryn Dressler: but I don't even know where she goes to school because Georgia transferred her and sealed her records. I've got Furpa.
Ricky Stebbins: right,
Kathryn Dressler: I've got US like
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to share my me uh my screen with you and you can keep on talking.
Kathryn Dressler: he's like again psych psychopath level.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Kathryn Dressler: He's dangerous. Like I know where he lives, but I can't just go there.
Ricky Stebbins: and there's still nothing you can do about that.
Kathryn Dressler: And and if I
 
 
01:04:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: You're powerless right now to do anything about that. So, you see how I'm in your file your you see that one right about my I don't know how you have it and then
Kathryn Dressler: knew
Ricky Stebbins: I go to here. Do you see how I change these all the text? Oh, these are word documents now but and do you see how you'll be able to see it on
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah. Let me go.
Ricky Stebbins: your phone or on your laptop or whatever because so you don't have to look at both.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: This is how and this is how I send it to my AI because now when I send it to it, it it'll read everything in chronological order and that's how it spits out ideas, better
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: ideas.
Kathryn Dressler: this is like I, you know, I do all this on my AI, then I have to email it to myself, then I have to format it for filing and blah. Like,
Ricky Stebbins: You're doing too much.
Kathryn Dressler: it's
Ricky Stebbins: You do what I did.
 
 
01:05:07
 
Ricky Stebbins: I had uh and so I feel like I've lost files and I now I haven't because I used to have so many files all over the place. It was a f****** mess. But now it's not like that. It's organized and it's a tiny bit messy maybe. But I It's still a thousand times more organized than it used to be. But do you see how I created You have to have a These might be Word documents too. I don't know. Are they No, this is a text document. So I I did this on my computer. These have to be machine readable. They m whether you like to admit it or not, they can't read these PDFs and they mess they mess up. It's terrible. There might even be stuff missing from
Kathryn Dressler: But that's that's how they make that's how they make you file them.
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Kathryn Dressler: You can't file it another
Ricky Stebbins: That's not my point. That's Yeah, but that's not what I'm saying.
 
 
01:05:57
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Kathryn Dressler: way.
Ricky Stebbins: you can file it that way. That's totally fine. But you did not at the same time create a text document copy of it. So now you now your AI can't help you.
Kathryn Dressler: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: So if you were helping Katherine, I would tell you you just failed her. And that really pisses me off. Why didn't you help her? Like and I'll tell people that I told you to help Kath. I told you every time you do something for her,
Kathryn Dressler: So
Ricky Stebbins: you make a PDF copy, you make a JPEG, and you make a a text copy. And I wouldn't say it's you.
Kathryn Dressler: with the text with the text copy are you saying save as a word document or like in word
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Kathryn Dressler: save as a different file.
Ricky Stebbins: so I couldn't copy the text
Kathryn Dressler: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: correctly. When I took your PDF and tried to convert it to a Word doc, it didn't work right.
 
 
01:06:45
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, then I just on my computer in a text document because it's
Kathryn Dressler: Like so I'm looking at the different ways that you can
Ricky Stebbins: easier. Other people, depending on how their PDFs are saved,
Kathryn Dressler: save
Ricky Stebbins: a guy in Hawaii, Ronnie, had Adobe and it copied and pasted his stuff. The prettiest I've ever seen. I'm like, it was like, oh my gosh,
Kathryn Dressler: really there's like a
Ricky Stebbins: amazing. So, I'm like, maybe we need to I'll pay for that. Let people use
Kathryn Dressler: plain there's like a plain text file type that you can save
Ricky Stebbins: it. Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: as um
Ricky Stebbins: Plain text file type. You just want plain because machines just read plain. Everyone's like, "Oh, save it as this, save it as that." No, it just needs a text. It's like a book. You don't need more than a book. I don't need a thousand videos and all this other stuff. And No, I just need a book.
 
 
01:07:34
 
Kathryn Dressler: for filing.
Ricky Stebbins: I just need a Yes,
Kathryn Dressler: Now you do or they reject it,
Ricky Stebbins: but AI can't help you read what you filed. So, if some if somebody else filed that paperwork and hands it to you,
Kathryn Dressler: right?
Ricky Stebbins: oh, here's the PDF that I filed. So what? My AI can't read it until you turn it into a text document. So when you print out this stuff, most people don't realize this, but you can save it. It's way easier when you do it in the beginning because when you wait until afterwards, then it's a pain. People have these Scanner Pro crap after the fact. We need to learn as soon as we do something, we have to do it this way. And then when you work on your old files, you need to convert it to the new way. And that's just how we have to do it.
Kathryn Dressler: I've just I've been drowning and they do it per like where it started it was so simple but it is grown and morphed again because all of these people all like I've gone to every court every like nobody will do a goddamn thing and it's not that they don't know it's that they do know but no one's forcing them like The federal court is supposed to be the place that upholds the
 
 
01:08:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Kathryn Dressler: constitution.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to teach you to do something hopefully. I want to teach you and I, especially me too, to multitask because what are we doing right now? We're just doing what? That's it.
Kathryn Dressler: Stocking.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't have your files open. You're not moving anything around. You could be looking at things that jog your memory. Like, I want to talk about this today. I want to work on these files today because this bothers me and I I want to get this done. And I will set my time to do that with
Kathryn Dressler: I'm so I'm trying to figure out
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Kathryn Dressler: because tomorrow is this next imaginary deadline in this Georgia court. I've already like they've made it so confusing. They've issued a rule 26F order which normally means a case is activated and that's when you would serve people. However, when you and I've talked to many clerks in many different levels before they're they're willing or supposed to issue any order, they say you either need to file your IFP or you need to pay whatever amount.
 
 
01:09:57
 
Kathryn Dressler: In this case that's going on, they've again ignored everything from IFP to access issues to emergency exparte with child endangerment that's been going on and documented over f****** 7 months now. And they issue this rule 26 order. But then the clerk tells me, "Well, no, don't do anything with it yet because if your IFP is granted, then it'll be Marshall Service serving everybody." And I'm like, "Okay, why haven't you ruled on my IFP?" I don't know. They can't answer. And then again, I filed in the 11th court, Madamus, to force them to rule. And this judge for the first time enters this transfer directive that again contradicts the rule 26F order from the magistrate. But the largest issue is an access to court issue. They keep telling me or this one tells me, "Oh, now you need to explain and justify why I shouldn't just transfer this back to Florida." Oh, really? How do I do that when I'm disabled and I can't always physically go to the court and you won't give me filing access online?
 
 
01:11:13
 
Kathryn Dressler: You won't give me access to the system. You won't accept it by email. You know that I'm bankrupt and indigent and disabled and suffering compounded harm and trauma. But this is what they keep doing it at the highest level. And then the 11th Circuit, they documented my writ. They've been sitting on the IFP and the ICP and they're trying to let it time out so this b**** can just transfer me and it's like again I've gone down to Miami personally. I've gone to the the domestic violence division. They wouldn't take my evidence. They literally told me, "Oh, we don't have time for that. So, we'll only do this one." And again, they fought me on it. They're like, "Why are you here when you have a case in Broward?" I'm like, because the case in Broward is b*******. My child is being held here in Miami Dade County under a fragile order. The harm is happening here. Here's the proof. Wouldn't take it.
 
 
01:12:14
 
Kathryn Dressler: Then I tried to file a UCCCJA enforcement petition through the system. They kept kicking it back. So, I'm fighting with the clerk and I'm like, "Stop miscatategorizing my filings." I would do it as a certain type, they'd file it as an emergency motion. I'm like, it's not an emergency motion. It's a UCCCJA petition. Then she calls me and says, "Oh, no. Well, we can't open a new case cuz you have a Broward one." And I'm like, every single like I've gone to the state attorneys in Broward, in Miami, in Georgia, like the SVU departments, the DC, like they all know, but they all keep saying we can't or we won't do anything. And I'm like, how the f***? Like again, I'm just I'm right now I finally I sent this three months ago.
Ricky Stebbins: You know what we need to do,
Kathryn Dressler: A fur
Ricky Stebbins: right? You know what this sounds like? This sounds like an AA meeting.
Kathryn Dressler: h
Ricky Stebbins: This is a trauma survivors group.
 
 
01:13:23
 
Ricky Stebbins: This is what this is what we're doing right now.
Kathryn Dressler: No, it I mean again I I got diagnosed with my stuff in 2015. It took me 2 years and then I was fine. I was functional. I was back to like, you know, peak. But then abuse harmed my
Ricky Stebbins: ignoring these problems. You can't we can't ignore our problems.
Kathryn Dressler: animal.
Ricky Stebbins: We all have to talk about them and deal with them and face them.
Kathryn Dressler: But I can't
Ricky Stebbins: Not alone. You can't like even from here like I want to help you.
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: Like we need to gather more people. We know what we need to do but we need to explain it to them.
Kathryn Dressler: how do I get her back? I don't know what to do with this.
Ricky Stebbins: We have to get more people together because we can't do it alone. And that's why I want to put you in touch with this Heather. I don't know. I don't know where she works.
 
 
01:14:07
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'll have to I'll email her because I don't even know if where she is, but it doesn't matter. She has the same exact issue. I think she has four kids or maybe Yeah. two two daughters, two sons, two dads that, you know, the system turns the system turns everyone against each other. So, it doesn't matter. Even our exes. That's why I stopped fighting my ex. My ex isn't the problem. It's the system that caused her to lie.
Kathryn Dressler: Well, mine is the He's
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. But what caused him to be a psycho?
Kathryn Dressler: literally
Ricky Stebbins: Why hasn't the system helped him? Why is he still allowed to act like this? Why has like why?
Kathryn Dressler: That's what I can't that
Ricky Stebbins: And we know why. We It's because the system needs this all f*****
Kathryn Dressler: That's
Ricky Stebbins: up. It needs us confused. It needs us struggling to survive. It needs you so desperate to get your daughter back that you don't see the big picture.
 
 
01:14:54
 
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why I sit at home with my dog. I'm like, how can I help people? Because I'm doing nothing. How can I help people? And then I started that's what I did this AI stuff and I started organizing online and it's like we all need to share our stories and connect them. They want to erase us. If you didn't tell your story and share it with me, it would be gone. Like I I can put this on Google Blogger now. Now this exists forever. Like your story matters. But people don't realize how powerful their stories are. And and my story means nothing without yours. And your daughter needs our stories. Your daughter doesn't need just you. She needs all of us. And people don't f****** get it. And we need to be f****** furious, not sad. Be f****** outrage. Like, what the f*** are you doing, Ricky? Why the f*** didn't you get up earlier?
 
 
01:15:44
 
Ricky Stebbins: What the f*** have you been doing, you lazy piece of f****** s***? And I'm like, I'm sorry. I'm gonna f****** fight harder next time because I didn't f****** know. They didn't f****** tell me. That's not your f****** fault. And I'm glad you got f****** mad because now I'm f****** mad, too. People don't get it. We need to be mad. Not f****** sad. We need to be f****** furious. And I know you're sad, but yes.
Kathryn Dressler: again for me it's that's
Ricky Stebbins: But We
Kathryn Dressler: how and why they bury so that's why they
Ricky Stebbins: need to get the fathers.
Kathryn Dressler: bury so many it's like I just I'm again I'm at like an impass because I again I wish I would even say that.
Ricky Stebbins: Listen, I I threatened to cut myself and I told this other woman,
Kathryn Dressler: Um
Ricky Stebbins: Amanda, I will cut myself on video right now. I will get a group of people on video right now and say, "All right, what are we going to do, people? You gonna get these kids back?" "No." "Well,
 
 
01:16:45
 
Ricky Stebbins: then I'm gonna cut myself." And then when the doctor's like, "Well, don't cut yourself. You're going to go to the hospital. Don't do that." Well, well, these kids are all f***** up. And the only reason I have a problem is because you're letting these kids get f***** up. So, what you're doing as a mandated reporter is ignoring your f****** job and trying to get me to ignore my problems. That's medical malpractice. None of you people know how to use the system because you're just too you have nothing to lose. So when the bus comes, push me in front of it. When when there's a stupid f****** idea and you want to get all your stories out, all I do is sit around my dog so I can go and do something f****** stupid and get you guys all the attention you need. Why is this guy doing this? Why would somebody grab a pair of And I already did this on purpose last year. My cousin Kenny committed suicide and nothing nobody in my family cares.
 
 
01:17:40
 
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody wants to talk about it. Like you like what the f*** happened? So then I talked to my I was having problems with my insurance company. I'm like this is f****** b*******. And I wanted to talk to a therapist up the street which now I don't because he wants me to ignore my problems, go sit on a beach and f*** sexy women. I'm like you piece of f****** garbage. No, I want to face all my problems. I I was talking to him through this court stuff. So, I went to court to file a harassment order after my insurance company wouldn't let me see a therapist of my choosing, even if they accepted my insurance. And then I got tossed at a mental health hospital. And then I used the system to get
Kathryn Dressler: stuff. So,
Ricky Stebbins: out.
Kathryn Dressler: what I'm trying to find now is this stuff from when um she was hospitalized. It's on my computer somewhere. And the reason I like I keep saying it in all my filings, it's not a joke when I say life or death and it's been reported to DCF to APS.
 
 
01:18:34
 
Kathryn Dressler: It's like I told
Ricky Stebbins: But this is where people don't understand like you're I
Kathryn Dressler: you
Ricky Stebbins: need a little bit of everything you have now. You say a hundred things. I need 10% of it. I need 1% of everything you just said because you have stories like I do. You've got these child care, then you got medical, then you got court. So,
Kathryn Dressler: Well, the
Ricky Stebbins: you need to have machine readable like versions of all the worst stuff of that like,
Kathryn Dressler: big
Ricky Stebbins: oh, she went to a hospital then and a story to go with it like with the
Kathryn Dressler: and that's that's where I started like working on but I'm going to be like
Ricky Stebbins: mold.
Kathryn Dressler: I I get physically ill Like
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry,
Kathryn Dressler: it.
Ricky Stebbins: but that's why you need someone there with you, like me to talk to through. You can't just sit there alone. And that's how that's that's how they get us. They have us all alone.
 
 
01:19:27
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sitting here alone with my dog. I mean, thankfully, you're getting a dog Friday, so I mean, there's that.
Kathryn Dressler: And but when it comes like again it's all happened to I lost my brother October 2023 I lost my dad June 2024 I lost my childhood home and all of my s*** between June and November 2024 we came here I closed at my house January 2025 and then within 6 months she's taken and then both of my dogs. It's just like I I don't even have the luxury of grief. I don't even have the luxury of processing any cuz it just keeps happening. And again, she is deadly allergic to black mold. I've found out again she's been hospitalized again and she's been taken and is now on allergy med. Like she doesn't have allergies. That's why I bought this house because there is no way to avoid black mold in South Florida with existing physical structure. It's why I bought a house built from f****** metal that like when I say like she could literally go into SVT again any day.
 
 
01:20:46
 
Kathryn Dressler: And it's like I've been saying it's life or death in these filings for years and literally all these people have died. It's not even speculative.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not a
Kathryn Dressler: Like it's and that's you know where again it's like
Ricky Stebbins: joke.
Kathryn Dressler: the number of time and I've told these people every time you make me resend you the same stuff DCF I've already sent you all hundreds of pages. Where have they gone? But they won't send me the records. I've put in the records request. Like they're all blocking because they all know what they've done, but again, they don't want it exposed. They I sound great, but they literally want me to disappear like the rest of my f****** family already has. Like none of this should.
Ricky Stebbins: They do because you speak
Kathryn Dressler: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Kathryn Dressler: and I have. And that's again, they all know what has happened and that's why no one will touch it. It's why it keeps happening. But I'm like, what what do I do at this point?
 
 
01:21:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: you alone can't do anything.
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: And that's the problem. They know that and they just keep putting things off and pushing your
Kathryn Dressler: I'm um I'm going to dig through my files cuz I said I'm trying to find this like master
Ricky Stebbins: buttons.
Kathryn Dressler: summary from Joe Deaggio, which was the second hospital like I said I took her to and then they reported me for medical neglect like munchousing by proxy.
Ricky Stebbins: All of this is important. And if you don't have it machine readable, like I have my medical files online. So all these AI were able to put all the pieces together because I gave them all the pieces like, "Oh yeah, this is medical malpractice for decades of
Kathryn Dressler: Well, see that's thing I I used to have,
Ricky Stebbins: medical.
Kathryn Dressler: but I literally I had all my stuff stolen or destroyed. So, I've bought this new house that I haven't even furnished.
Ricky Stebbins: You had to rebuild the
Kathryn Dressler: I have furniture I haven't even built. I try to get organized, but it just keeps like compounding
 
 
01:22:50
 
Ricky Stebbins: I understand. Oh, I believe me,
Kathryn Dressler: and
Ricky Stebbins: I understand. But I need to get going because I need to feed my dog and then I have another meeting coming up. But we could talk again later or you could you could email me stuff. You know how to use the notes now. So, make sure to add any important notes and stuff like, "Oh, man. I want to write a speech and I don't want to forget this because I'm going to send the Claude this and we should talk
Kathryn Dressler: Thank you
Ricky Stebbins: to other AI and debate them like what are we doing wrong?" Because we're still not succeeding. So, what are we doing
Kathryn Dressler: for like emails and stuff,
Ricky Stebbins: wrong?
Kathryn Dressler: not filings, like emails that I've sent, let's say, to DCF with all these things. Like,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Kathryn Dressler: do I just save it as a PDF or drop it in the drive like that? I like I don't know how you save
Ricky Stebbins: depending on how long the emails are.
 
 
01:23:38
 
Ricky Stebbins: Because if you have a email that you have with somebody that's like 50 pages long,
Kathryn Dressler: it.
Ricky Stebbins: you print it and you save it as a PDF and then you can just copy all the text out of it. But you have to make sure you get each stupid email because sometimes it cuts them off. And I had to do that.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's how I found out Massachusetts is committing some uh insurance fraud. That's why my I'm not doing this anymore. I'm going to show you how I found all these crimes and how I keep tracking them and organizing it and getting my AI to say it's a crime. Cuz if I don't share my technique and teach you how to do it, too, like we need to have Scooby gangs all over the United States, not just me. I'm not going to save all of you because what happens if you know what? My idea works and I f****** destroy this. Somebody tried to kill me last April, too, after my my Oh, man.
 
 
01:24:27
 
Ricky Stebbins: My my cousin kills himself. Somebody tries to kill me and there's a court case going on. He's got mental health issues and then I turned it against the courts.
Kathryn Dressler: Did you know
Ricky Stebbins: He He lives up the street.
Kathryn Dressler: him?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know him personally, but I know of him. He had a uh smoked something,
Kathryn Dressler: So,
Ricky Stebbins: ended up having a brain injury.
Kathryn Dressler: and just went on like a
Ricky Stebbins: He's like, he kills f*****
Kathryn Dressler: rampage.
Ricky Stebbins: ass white people. I thought I was gonna die. He came, it was dark out. He came swinging, then he scratched me with something. Oh, it was it was the scariest adult moment of my life. Like I don't know if I was ever terrified as a child, but this was like I had anxiety for months.
Kathryn Dressler: That's horrify. Like, is he away? Like,
Ricky Stebbins: Now he's still walking around the neighborhood, which is even funnier because he has mental health issues and I know that the state isn't treating him.
 
 
01:25:14
 
Kathryn Dressler: Jesus Christ.
Ricky Stebbins: So I stopped him one day when I went to go get my mail. He was walking by and I I talked to him and he does like he he went from normal to like tweaking out and he's like, "Oh, you don't know me." And started acting weird. I'm like, "All right, have a great day." Yes,
Kathryn Dressler: That's scary. So, does he even remember
Ricky Stebbins: he actually remembered. He said he was going through something.
Kathryn Dressler: Jesus?
Ricky Stebbins: It was pretty wild. I'm like, "Oh my god,
Kathryn Dressler: That's
Ricky Stebbins: it scared the living s*** out of me." And I have the some of the audio because I tried to call 911, but I didn't know it worked. So I I dropped my phone like, "Oh my god,
Kathryn Dressler: Jesus Christ. That's what f******
Ricky Stebbins: that was so crazy." But but
Kathryn Dressler: scary world. Um, I'm gonna let you go.
Ricky Stebbins: yes,
Kathryn Dressler: I'm going to drop some files.
Ricky Stebbins: but Oh, so yes.
 
 
01:26:07
 
Kathryn Dressler: I'm
Ricky Stebbins: So you saw how I labeled it with the year, month, day. Also, this is a problem we have.
Kathryn Dressler: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: So I love I used to love long labels of files. So if your name is too long and then it goes inside of a folder, inside of a folder, then other people can't open it. So we need to keep them shorter. But we need to summarize what's in the folder.
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So every time we have 10 files in a folder, we need to have a note summarizing what these files are. So then AI knows why they're important. Like all right, this file is important for this, that file is important for that.
Kathryn Dressler: And see
Ricky Stebbins: And you need someone to talk with you through it. I need to be looking at your Google Drive while you're doing it. And then when I feed files to my AI, we might need to fix your summary because what if your summary is missing
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah, I just it for me,
 
 
01:26:51
 
Ricky Stebbins: something?
Kathryn Dressler: you know, it's like I run out of time and like hours in the day. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: Well, we need to find a simple way to take the most important parts m make them machine readable,
Kathryn Dressler: and
Ricky Stebbins: summarize them, and be done with it. We don't want to keep talking about this and doing the same thing over and over again. That's why I don't tell you details of my case because I already have them written down. If you wanted to know, we could talk about it once and be done with it and then I don't need to keep going back to it. But you aren't organized. So, you're flicking through stuff and it's super frustrating and gives you anxiety and I understand. And it's not your fault. It's designed to be frustrating like this. An AI should have already organized it for you.
Kathryn Dressler: and it keeps deliberately f****** it up, which is
Ricky Stebbins: You know, that's part of our RICO case or whatever case is going to be.
 
 
01:27:39
 
Kathryn Dressler: like
Ricky Stebbins: AI is going to help us either fix the world or it's going to be war.
Kathryn Dressler: Oh, yeah. And uh God,
Ricky Stebbins: But it was great talking with
Kathryn Dressler: thank you.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Kathryn Dressler: Let me um try to drag some of these uh because I think these will feed into tears, but also uh I've got a I don't know what to do about tomorrow. I don't even
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Kathryn Dressler: know.
Ricky Stebbins: we could talk again tonight after I have I have to talk to another person. I I need to feed my dog before I do that and let her out the bathroom so she's not all interrupting because I do have a
Kathryn Dressler: Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna call the uh 11th Circuit and be like,
Ricky Stebbins: meeting
Kathryn Dressler: "Hey, did you rule on my Madamus yet?" Cuz so um thank you for being you. Thank you for talking to me. Thank you for helping me with all this.
Ricky Stebbins: and thank you for sharing it with me.
Kathryn Dressler: Um
Ricky Stebbins: This is devastating and it's not easy to deal with and that's not easy to talk to somebody like me who likes to argue back about
Kathryn Dressler: I don't know. Like I said, that part I welcome. I just I'm trying to Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: points.
Kathryn Dressler: figure out like what what does anybody do in the situation? I wish I had a big someone to like literally go take her because that's the thing.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Uh, I believe it. It's maddening. Like they took your power away and we're going to give it back to you. Have a great night and I'll talk to you later anyway after this. So, all right. You're welcome. Bye,
 
 
Transcription ended after 01:29:29

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
