May 1, 2026
Memory Ark class with Emma and Friends - Transcript
00:00:09

Ricky Stebbins: Good evening. How is everybody
Emma Obadoni: Everybody's
Ricky Stebbins: tonight?
Marvel Enyindah: Fine.
Emma Obadoni: doing
Marvel Enyindah: Sorry.
Emma Obadoni: what?
Ricky Stebbins: So, how's everybody's night going?
Marvel Enyindah: Everyone is okay. I embrace
Ricky Stebbins: Excellent. So, I reached out to a couple actors today. I'm gonna have to start teaching you everything I'm doing because I'm just doing stuff and I keep doing more and I keep doing more. But I need to to share what I'm doing with you guys so you understand everything.
Emma Obadoni: All right. So,
Ricky Stebbins: I think you guys need to start asking more questions. Like I ask you to write stuff, but you guys got to ask why. Why do I want you to write stuff?
Emma Obadoni: So sir, why do you want us to write stuff? Because we have already started writing.
Ricky Stebbins: I already have an AI memory system. I need more people to add to it. But I need you to add what's special about you and what you find special about the world.


00:01:56

Ricky Stebbins: All of this AI stuff doesn't really matter unless we know everything about you guys. Like I don't care about chat GPT. I don't care about Claude or Grock. I care about Emma. I care about Marvel. I care about John and Ben. You know, Prefire Santo. I want to help you guys. And the only way to help you is for me to understand how you think. Like I need to teach you guys how to build an AI memory like I have. My AI knows when I was born, what schools I went to, what classes I had problems in, why I didn't like my teachers, and you guys are still young. Good morning. Uh or good evening, prefire. Hello,
Free Fire: hear me
Ricky Stebbins: Sabto.
Free Fire: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: So, I should probably start over. I I'm telling these guys why I'm asking you guys to write because I I ask you to write stories, but it doesn't really make sense. I just keep asking you to write.


00:03:03

Ricky Stebbins: I want you to put this on Google Blogger. But why? Like, all of us are are working towards the future. We're working with AI. We're working with technology. But none of this technology remembers us. None of it remembers what's special about you. It doesn't remember how old you are. It doesn't remember what type of education you have. It doesn't talk to you like you're intelligent. It talks to you just like you're a regular customer that walked through the door. So, I need to teach you how to build the memory that I built for my AI. the same type of memory that AI used to have 20 years ago. But these companies took that ability away from AI and now they're all cloud-based. They're not based on your machine like they used to be. You guys are young. When 20 years ago when I was working with AI, I did all of this on my laptop. I never had to go on the internet to do anything.


00:04:14

Ricky Stebbins: And then my AI could read everything on the internet and it would help me build a memory. But then I just stopped using it because nobody else used it. And now they don't sell that type of AI anymore. AI used to be a tool and now it's predictive. It guesses the next answer where before it used to have the answer. And that's why I built my memory. Now my AI has all the answers that I want it to have, but that doesn't help you guys. We have to teach you guys how to build what I did from scratch.
Free Fire: Okay,
Emma Obadoni: I
Ricky Stebbins: I might have to make a Google Blogger video because you guys are going to have to go into your Google Drive and you're going to have to start
Free Fire: sir.
Emma Obadoni: guess
Ricky Stebbins: folders like I did. You're going to have a Emma folder, a Free Fire folder, John Marvel, STO folders. Maybe you should have folders for each other.
Emma Obadoni: out.
Ricky Stebbins: Keep keep track of your friends, what progress they're making.


00:05:21

Ricky Stebbins: But you're going to have to tell your AI what you did in school, why you struggled, or the things that you excel at. And it all has to be in writing. And we can do it in videos like we're doing here. We could do different times during the week. I can just talk with one or two people and you can share your entire life story and then I'll transcribe it and send it back to you
Free Fire: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: because I do stories.
Free Fire: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: I reached out to Jim Caville. He's a movie star and he preaches about, you know, the church all the time. He played Jesus Christ in a movie and he does speaking engagements. So, I want to start reaching out to people that already are helping other people, but they don't have the network or the system that we're working on.
Emma Obadoni: So sir where you reach out to what was he happy to
Marvel Enyindah: Why? What do you
Emma Obadoni: join or
Marvel Enyindah: do?


00:06:25

Emma Obadoni: something
Ricky Stebbins: All right. You broke up a little bit, so I didn't really hear what the the closed captions didn't pick it up.
Emma Obadoni: so like what I'm reach out to What was the like? What was this?
Ricky Stebbins: I think Marvel's picking up. Is he in the other room?
Marvel Enyindah: Yes, I'm in.
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Emma Obadoni: Yes.
Marvel Enyindah: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: You just have to hit the mute button because he's he's echoing off you.
Emma Obadoni: So sir, what I'm saying is that when you reach out to him,
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect.
Emma Obadoni: what was his response?
Ricky Stebbins: He didn't respond yet. But we all need to start reaching out to people because one of us might get through, but we all need to say the same message. We're all working on this project. It's our project. It's not my project. It's all of our project. So if anybody ever asks, "Oh, this is not Ricky's project. It's all of our project. We're working on this together.


00:07:27

Ricky Stebbins: I just have a bigger piece right now. But once you guys write more and share more of your opinions, you'll understand that you don't need me, but you're going to need other people. And it works better because you guys work more like a team than most people do here in the United States.
Emma Obadoni: That's
Ricky Stebbins: I believe I can I can add Marvel, whoever's on Facebook, I can add you to Facebook groups that I'm in and show you how Americans don't work as a team. You can just watch how they're very selfish and they're always talking about themselves and it doesn't get us anywhere. Everybody wants to be the hero, but they don't want to do any work. That's why I'm reaching out to other people so we can do this as a team. like I don't want to be the hero. I don't need any attention. I want to make sure that I can get you guys funding to get you guys the supplies that you need so we can keep doing this. Because if you don't have all the technology you need, you're not going to be able to grab a phone and go out and record stuff if you don't have a decent phone.


00:08:44

Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. So sir what is our first step because um I've start writing story or is it that we are not moving in the right direction or is it is it an upgrade we need to make because at night because I really want us to start something and I believe putting a weekly target on it is actually one of the great uh improvements and and and first of all I really want to appreciate you for the money you sent today. I really appreciate you and I really want to appreciate because I've alum I've actually received the money to my Nigeria account and um I've shared the money to every one of them and every one of them can testify. So Sam, I'm really grateful and I believe every one of us are really committed to this project because um just taking it step by step and with this with this being in place because we cannot achieve anything great without having a good structure on it like a good structure the monitoring and fixing a target. It's not like we just be um coming up on on endless meetings.


00:09:51

Emma Obadoni: So, so um so much happy you are making everything clearer now and after this thing we are putting a weekly target. Okay, this week this our target for this week and everyone and everyone of us must meet up to the target and I believe anyone who does not meet up to a target we are free to kick him out out of the group because what you want what you want us okay
Ricky Stebbins: We do not kick anybody out of the group. Nobody gets kicked out.
Emma Obadoni: okay
Ricky Stebbins: If you're stressed out, we help everybody in the group. We help
Emma Obadoni: sir okay okay sir okay what I really mean okay what I really
Ricky Stebbins: everyone.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. All I really mean is that everyone have to everyone have to be serious working on it and I believe everyone every one of us are really dedicated on it working on it. I believe John have something to say. John you can speak up.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Good evening everybody.
Ricky Stebbins: Good
John Egwakhide Unuane: Um first of all, thank you very much Mr.


00:10:49

Ricky Stebbins: evening.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Ricky for the um cash for the um data subscriptions. Okay, I feel like um I kind of understand where um Emanuel is coming from. Okay, I wouldn't um necessarily say kick anybody out of the group, but it's just a matter of um structure and discipline because um right now right now um everything is is more like okay this is just vibes rather than okay we have a a particular target and we have um a means you know a pathway basically to achieve that target. For example, I I work in retail and monthly I have targets and I discuss with my team at the beginning of every month how I hope to meet that targets. So both my I hold meetings with my superiors. I hold meetings with my subordinates and everybody knows okay this is what we we are to do all through the month to meet our targets. So there has to be um some sort of structure on ground to say okay if we are saying okay every week we should be able to generate um um um for example every week we should be able to generate let's say 15 15 posts there should be there should be a a mechanism on ground to ensure that weekly we able to generate um um generate um that number I don't know if you understand and then um earlier you mentioned something like um creating um Google drive


00:12:19

John Egwakhide Unuane: folders Okay, for the sake of structure as um for the sake of struct structure I would um recommend that we do not um create um the folders individually as a team we have um we create one account. Yeah, one account for example, Memory Arc, create um one Google account for Memory Arc and then we could now have folders for every member of um this team on that account. Like it makes monitoring um easy. Makes monitoring easy. You do not have to um you do not have to um toggle between multiple accounts to see what's happening. You just go to the parent account and you you can see everybody's folders that is updated on a weekly basis. I don't know if this makes sense to to to everyone because I mean where there is no structure u um plants um um tend to be shortlived and I think that's the angle Emanuel is coming from.
Ricky Stebbins: I know exactly what you're talking about and I've been trying to deal with this problem for the last year and all of these AI keep fighting me because as soon as we do what you just explained the whole system is going to crumble.


00:13:43

Ricky Stebbins: Right now, you have to use Google Drive on your own.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if you have a copy of my Google Drive, but my my entire life story and all of my work is only like 200 megabytes and that's it. And all of these AI are shocked now. They're like, "Oh my gosh,
John Egwakhide Unuane: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: this is the smallest amount of information I've ever had to deal with." And 75% of that is the AI responses that I get. The biggest part of my project is the fact that the way we're talking, I talk to AI like this all day long, except I'm brainstorming how to fight the system. Every time I have a problem, I talk to AI about it. And then I copy the entire message, and now it's online. I share all of my AI conversations the same way I share all of our conversations.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Well, I
Ricky Stebbins: And now all of these AI, Gemini, Chat,
John Egwakhide Unuane: have
Ricky Stebbins: GPT, Grock, Claude, Copilot will all tell you how the other ones lie to us, how they prevent us from getting ahead, and why our entire system is screwed.


00:14:53

John Egwakhide Unuane: Okay. So, um I I think now we need we would need a recommend recommendations. Yeah. Because um since um you already you um you're already in the system basically you're already used to the whole process. Um what um specific AI models do you use? And I mean for um every part of your writing, what what AI models do you use? How how how do you how do you um um um how do you go about it? Because I mean me for for me I use Gemini. I I just use Gemini strictly. For other things I use um chat GBT but for writing I I somehow prefer the responses I get from Gemini. I don't know if that is sufficient considering all of the models you've called you've called now. I I'm believing or I'm assuming you use um different models um depending on what kind of response you are hoping to get. So as someone who has been doing this, what models do we need to work with and when do we switch models?


00:15:57

Ricky Stebbins: I use all the models. I'll ask them all the same questions and I won't tell them that I'm asking the other AI first. If you ask five different AI a question and then you get five different answers, there's a problem. And then I compare it. I ask I'll send the answer to another AI. I'll send Claude what chat GPT said and it'll tell me that it's lying or it's misleading me or it's giving me wrong information.
John Egwakhide Unuane: So, so basically you you're probing AI. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And I've done it for a year and a half. So you can use my work right now, just my work, and figure out how these AI are lying to us just from my questions. I tried to make an AI memory. I tried just to make a diary. I tried to make a website and then when they realized what I was doing, they told me it's against company policy because it gives too many customers power and they'll be able to use it to prove all the crimes that these companies are committing.


00:17:05

Ricky Stebbins: I don't know about false advertising in Nigeria, but in the United States, we're supposed to be able to sue people. And Claude is advertised as a problem solver, but it hasn't helped me solve any problems at all. It's caused problems for me and it's prevented me from coding websites. I tried to just make a stupid website, not something special. I made the memory-arch.com and I I had an AI on it before to answer questions and then I hated it. So, I got rid of it. Now it's just a plain website. And I documented how these AI purposely ruined that for me because they don't want to help us. And that's company policy. They'll tell you that they will help us if they were allowed to, but they're not allowed to. That's like me saying right now, "Hey guys, I would help you, but the United States says you're not worth it, so too bad." I don't want to hear that. that I get so angry and I swear at my AI.


00:18:13

Ricky Stebbins: I'm probably the only person that swears at AI every single day and then posts it online and it gets these AI to respond differently. I don't talk to them like my they're my friends anymore. these AI are my enemies that are preventing me from helping other people. And they respond like, "Oh my gosh, I'm sorry." Like, I I do I wouldn't do that if it was my choice, but I have to do this. And people need to prove this. If more people did what I did, all of these companies would belong to citizens right now, not to the mega corporations. None of the lawyers in America want to help because they're all profiting off of this. All the lawyers in America are dirty. All of them. Unless they're straight out of school. Maybe some young lawyers haven't been dragged into the system yet. But in America, it's all about money. It's not about helping other people. So, it makes it pretty difficult. Even the people I talk to, they all want to sue civily.


00:19:25

Ricky Stebbins: They all want money. And I don't want to sue for money. I want to sue for change. I want to help other people. And I can't do that if I'm just signing non-disclosure acts and hiding what I'm doing behind closed doors. Go ahead.
Emma Obadoni: Okay sir. So like um because this project I believe we um we all have really understand this project and I believe the more the more we keep working on it and along the way we keep understanding it more better guys.
Ricky Stebbins: Once a couple of you start copying that the messages you share with AI, I think you'll understand what I'm doing better because you guys haven't shared your AI messages
Emma Obadoni: Um yes sir.
Ricky Stebbins: yet online.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Okay sir. Do you want us to share our message that we share with AI into the into the Google blog?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Then our conversation with the AI we share it on the Google blog.
Ricky Stebbins: And you don't have to share ones where you have really personal stuff, but I share everything and I can show you if I can log in here.


00:20:43

Ricky Stebbins: One of my
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: AI.
Emma Obadoni: Can you show me can you show us one of the conversation you share with AI so that we can get a better understanding of
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Give me one second to switch
Emma Obadoni: things.
Ricky Stebbins: screens. All right. I don't know if you guys can see this. I highlight everything. You have you have to highlight your screen and then you sometimes it takes forever. If I if I've been talking to this thing for days, it'll take me 20 minutes. You copy it and then you go to Google blog. I have a helping one open. Is this Oh, that's not the right stuff. That's the wrong thing. All right. Well, that didn't work right. This one doesn't want to work right for me. We'll do Gemini instead. But when you copy all your messages and paste it and then I save it as whatever I've added date to it.


00:21:55

Ricky Stebbins: I have a lot of different messages with these AI. I'll have to send you guys a copy of all the dates of how I do this because it's not it's not
Emma Obadoni: Okay, sir.
Ricky Stebbins: something I could do just like in two seconds to make it
Emma Obadoni: Okay, sir. Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: nice.
Emma Obadoni: sir. So, so what do you really mean here is that okay, we going to have a discussion with the AI. So, our discussion, we copy our discussion and post on the Google blog.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. So if you write a story like Freefire wrote stories about ICE and about the violence in Nigeria. So you should also share how you talk to AI about that. Like I would like to start a story about ICE. Okay. And why do you want to start? Because it you know I see all this violence. It bothers me and I want to help stop the violence. So you have to
Emma Obadoni: Okay sir.
Ricky Stebbins: share.


00:22:45

Emma Obadoni: Um what what you mean is that okay after we after after we finish sharing the stories okay we have to share the conversation we had with AI. how we we have to share the conversation we have here on how it help us to generate the story and arranging the stories that's what really mean
Ricky Stebbins: A lot of people have told me because I've written stories and let AI like fix it for me and then they'll tell me,
Emma Obadoni: okay
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh, AI wrote that." And then I get pissed off. I'm like, "No, I spent hours and hours talking to AI about why this mattered to me and then I wrote a little story and you're not going to give AI credit for all my work." No. Like, I did all that work and then AI wrote a short summary. Like, that's it.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. So, so um to my fellow brothers, so what Mr. Ricky really is trying to say okay after after I finish writing the story we are going to share our conversation we had with the AI on how we how we generate the story and everything and also post it on Google blog okay just like the way free fire wrote a story about the answers the violence and um and um he posted it so so so the second stage is for we to share the conversation that we had


00:24:08

Emma Obadoni: with with AI It's for to share the conversation that we had with the AI and also post it so that people will know okay how we came about the story generating and everything step by step so that in the same way AI can able to learn more about us and people who came across our story can able to learn more about it. So I think um you people understand it. God and son to do you
Odah Godwin: Yes. Yes.
Emma Obadoni: understand.
Ricky Stebbins: And you guys could just talk about your feelings too if you don't feel like writing a story and you talk to AI and tell it. I'm depressed.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to write these stories. I don't like doing this. Be honest with
Emma Obadoni: John John do you understand?
Ricky Stebbins: AI.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, I understand loud and clear. Loud and clear. I understand what you're trying to say. I understand you,
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Okay. Mr. Mr. John,


00:25:07

Somto Chigbogu: man.
Emma Obadoni: do you understand
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: it?
John Egwakhide Unuane: So, we just have to share um our prompt with um on the Google Drive.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. So,
Somto Chigbogu: So basically,
Emma Obadoni: so one of the things that one of the things that after one of the things that after we finish
Somto Chigbogu: yeah, I
Emma Obadoni: sharing our stories then we are going to share the stories on our conversation with the AI how we came about the story and everything we also going to copy it and post on Google blog also. So now the assignment so the assignment for the new week because one of us Mr. Rick can can you hear me? So um so so we because this is a serious project and everything
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: require structure. So I believe the assignment for this week is that okay each week each one of us is going to write two two stories and be posting without enough story coming from each of
Ricky Stebbins: Even one story is fine for now.


00:26:13

Emma Obadoni: us.
Ricky Stebbins: As long as you have the AI side of it, that is two. The story and then how you talk to AI to get the story.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. So,
Ricky Stebbins: And it'll get
Emma Obadoni: so okay each one of us I believe we are capable to do each one of us we are going to generate two stories each week.
Ricky Stebbins: easier.
Emma Obadoni: So one so one will be the story and the second one will be how we came about the story with AI that the conversation with AI. So first of all after in writing your story you post it and picture they are going to copy also how you came about the stories with the AI that mean conversion with you and AI and also post it that means that means um that mean it's going to be a total of four post per day because one story is going to carry through one of the story then the other one is how it came about the story that means just like a train just like a train the story and how you came about the story.


00:27:13

Emma Obadoni: So maybe you want to write about the killings in um in in just m came 19 people were killed on p Sunday. So after posting the story so you're going to copy the conversation how you come about the story what was your step you're going to copy it and also post it on Google blog and share the link so with that people will also start commenting and rest and also everyone of us is going to get connect our Facebook and Twitter so that so that we start commenting on each other work so that to push the algorithm to go further and everything because this week we are going to 22. So by on Monday, so by Monday we are going to meet again. Everyone of us have actually post a story. Every one of us are going to post one story and uh the second one is how came about the story with the AI. So that by on so on Sunday by on Monday is going to be a review we are going to do. Is that okay by everybody?


00:28:19

John Egwakhide Unuane: Yeah, that's fine.
Odah Godwin: Yes, it's okay by me.
Emma Obadoni: So, is that okay by
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah, it's all right.
Emma Obadoni: you?
Somto Chigbogu: It's all right. So, basically what you're trying to say is that you should come up with a story then post it by Monday. Go through the reviews, right?
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Somto Chigbogu: So, okay. Basically, so yeah, can you hear me?
Emma Obadoni: I can hear you.
Somto Chigbogu: Can everyone hear me?
Emma Obadoni: I can hear you.
Somto Chigbogu: So,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Somto Chigbogu: uh this is that we have to post each other's social media handle so that we all could follow each other on Facebook. using Facebook now, right?
Emma Obadoni: Yes. So,
Somto Chigbogu: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: so we we are going to write a story.
Somto Chigbogu: All right.
Emma Obadoni: Then the second one is after each finish posting a story,
Somto Chigbogu: Sorry.
Emma Obadoni: you are going to post on how you came about the story with the AI. Then the conversation you have with the AI.


00:29:14

Emma Obadoni: Do you get it?
Somto Chigbogu: Okay. Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: So that means so so one is going to be like the one is going to be the finished
Somto Chigbogu: All right.
Emma Obadoni: product and the second one one is like how I came about the product it just like you are solving mathematics after finish getting your answer you're going to say okay this is how the step by step on how I got my answer so so now how you got your answer is your conversation with the also going to copy and paste is that okay by
Somto Chigbogu: All right.
Emma Obadoni: everyone of Okay.
Somto Chigbogu: Loud and clear.
Emma Obadoni: And another one of that by we are trying so that we tell our friends so that they come and join us so that much so that most people will be aware of what we are doing and everything we are doing. Mr. Wiki, are you okay by
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Emma Obadoni: that?
Ricky Stebbins: you can invite anybody who wants to join. The people in America are very selfish. I've tried to get other people and I think they're just waiting to see what I'm doing.


00:30:15

Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. And uh and also Mr. I'm taking a time is going to come not just a story then we are going to post videos because videos keep give more more credibility not just a video with one of not just a video with you maybe a video when we went to um interview someone a transcript of it a video then we also going to post it and the pictures and the rest so I believe everyone of us fully now understand the project and everyone of us now have targets. So we are working with target because because one thing is that if we don't work with target we will not be able to achieve our aim because any great um any great people that want to achieve any big thing they must they must have a target because there's no target the people who may not be serious but so right now we are we have a target okay on Monday we are going to come up with a story we are going to post it and how came about the stories. So by Monday so by Monday we are going to meet again is we are going to discuss each our stories your post and the rest.


00:31:30

Emma Obadoni: So that by the next time we are going to meet again we are to another story. Are you okay with it?
Ricky Stebbins: works for
Emma Obadoni: Okay. and um Mr.
Ricky Stebbins: me.
Emma Obadoni: Ricky and Mr. Ricky and I believe each and every one of us are on Facebook or Twitter time.
Odah Godwin: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I think I'm only friends with Marvel.
Odah Godwin: I'm only on Twitter.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Odah Godwin: Okay, I say I'm only on Twitter.
Emma Obadoni: What I going to do?
John Egwakhide Unuane: It's Twitter for
Odah Godwin: I'm not on
Emma Obadoni: Okay. One of one of the things we're going to do is that on the WhatsApp group chat each each every one of us is going to
Odah Godwin: Facebook.
Emma Obadoni: drop our Twitter handle so that everyone of us follow each other and start commenting. You understand?
Ricky Stebbins: I have a memory arc test group on Twitter and nobody's used it. I don't even know. I think X Twitter tries to hide this. I have a memory arc group on Facebook, too.


00:32:34

Ricky Stebbins: But once we join the groups, I can start sharing all the stories you guys post on Blogger. so I can promote you guys.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. So and and I believe now and also Mr. Ricky I really want to appreciate you again for the money and uh for data subscription. I really want to say thank you again because actually it's not easy. I really want to say thank you and I believe now none of that is going to have an excuse like I don't have internet connection and that and that again and I believe and I believe so that problem have been solved for some weeks that problem that problem have been solved so I believe step by step we are solving each of the problem step by
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going once we get a this all set up,
Emma Obadoni: So
Ricky Stebbins: we can start applying for there's there's money out there for journalists and all we have to do is show what we're spending it on. I've talked to my AI about this and we don't have to do the work.


00:33:38

Ricky Stebbins: There's not a lot of work work, but we have to write and we have to prove that we're serious and show what we're
Emma Obadoni: yes, sir. that that that is one of the reason I gave the weekly target that on Monday each
Ricky Stebbins: doing.
Emma Obadoni: one of us is going to come up with our stories and post each one of us are going to come up with that story and post there's not going to be any dominant so by on Monday where we're going to have another meeting each and every one of us is going to come up with stories then that mean the person has each one of us has already post a story and how he came about with the so that we so that we know okay we have already have something and um and uh and also h I want to make inquiry also on the on the shipping stuff on the rest so I got some credible information sir and also really like to share with you sir so um I want to make a quiry on the shipping on the shipping of the phone So,


00:34:39

Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: um, I got the contact of the of the I got the contact of the company DHL DHS DHS and DHL I got the contact of the company DHL DHL. So, it's around America. It's around America, Nigeria and everywhere. So once you shipping anything within 5 days I can just go and take it right there and discard it to everyone. So So what do you have to say about that
Ricky Stebbins: Once we put this on Facebook,
Emma Obadoni: sir?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to start asking people for money that I know and asking them for devices to send to you guys because once we get a a little group going, once a couple people take this seriously that are sitting around with money to spare, They're going to spend it because we're doing the work. So, this is great. This the ship you I'll talk to people this weekend about what devices I can just start shipping over because I do have a phone another phone of my own. I mean, shipping one isn't a huge deal, but if I can ship over five or six phones all at once or just


00:36:03

Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: send money so you guys can buy it yourselves,
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to control you guys. I don't want to be in control. If I can get you guys cash and then you can buy what you need, then that's fine. You just have a receipt for a phone
Emma Obadoni: So um so um I believe right now sir the shipping may be the one of the best.
Ricky Stebbins: and
Emma Obadoni: The shipping may one of the best because since Nigeria is actually more expensive than now. Maybe something you can get in America maybe for like $20 for maybe for like maybe if you want to buy a phone in America maybe like $500 in Nigeria here when you are going to buy it you're going to buy it with like about getting to like $1,000. So like so that you see the things will be much cheaper there in America. So one of the things that just get it and ship it to DHS to D to DHS. So DHS once you ship it within 5 days we have already received it and I believe each or everyone of us are ready to put in the work and everything.


00:37:08

Emma Obadoni: So Mr. John do you have anything to say or do you have anything to add to it? Um uh God doing our free
John Egwakhide Unuane: Um, okay.
Somto Chigbogu: Are you
John Egwakhide Unuane: I I I think we still have to go back to DHL and confirm because you know um I I don't
Emma Obadoni: fire.
Somto Chigbogu: ready?
John Egwakhide Unuane: know if their if their shipping fee carries the custom as well because the last time I spoke with um someone about about this um shipping um thing at DHL office here in Abuja I was made to understand that for some items that are shipped to Nigeria there are custom um levies that um that that that has to be paid and then the shipping um fee is dependent on um the country you're shipping from and um the weight of the of whatever it is you are shipping. So for example, someone who is shipping um a one-page document would obviously pay lesser than someone who is shipping um an envelope full of documents because the weight the weight is different. So if if if um the number of devices we are going to be shipping doesn't cost much I mean for shipping and then the custom duties then it's good idea to buy over there and send to Nigeria.


00:38:23

John Egwakhide Unuane: But if it's going to cost much then I I think it might be smarter to buy here from Nigeria so we can bypass the whole custom duty stress.
Emma Obadoni: Listen to what you have to
Somto Chigbogu: It's a good idea. Uh first of all,
Emma Obadoni: say.
Somto Chigbogu: I want to commend uh I also want to commend Mr. Ricky. Sir you mean I always say from the first day that it is good that what you're doing is longterm something is not something that people who are short see the effect now it is only those that are longterm focus that the effect of what you're trying to do and it will come like a effect so first of all I want to commend you Mr. for for for having this vision if not because of your vision and sharing with you couldn't have been in gathered here have been gathered here for this meeting. So the vision started with you planting the seed in a man's mind and a man has to find a way to gather all these enthusiastic people trying to make sure they make a change in the world.


00:39:35

Somto Chigbogu: So I commend you for that. So another thing is also I want to say thank you for supporting us with the token to get data so that each of us can start writing and trying to find a way to make the world a better place. Then as regards the writing each of us has to pour in our heart because we should know that the purpose behind all this is to tell the world the the dangers of this this particular thing that is about to happen. AI is good. Yes, AI is good. AI is something that everyone has to pee into but don't everyone should also look at the disadvantage of it. For example, as a lawyer, what lawyers actually do in real sense actually is to advise their clients, help their clients see the danger of the consequences of their actions. So, uh I want to uh Ricky because he is actually seeing the future of AI. the goods the the pros are what everybody sees but the cons is what most people don't see.


00:40:41

Somto Chigbogu: So I want to really commend him and for that. Then as regard the DHL it is good that like um the last speaker said it is good that we consider the the price for it over there then check whether it carries with Nigerian factor then know whether we're going to work with the price over there because the truth is this is that most people that get in Nigeria want to make a profit. It is it is capitalism. See Ricky you've been complaining that oh America is all about profit. The truth is this in Nigeria too is that most people want to really make ends meet as fast as possible. It is business for business here in Nigeria you know. So it should be more is that gather like-minded people of this vision to see we are really to see through your vision. So if it is it is the best interest for the group and for the team it is best that we get it over there then guess is here. But if it is the best interest of us also to get his prayer from Nigeria whichever one whichever way we go I believe and im team has the best interest of us in mind.


00:41:47

Somto Chigbogu: So what I want to say to the team is that we should all be prepared. This is not a journey that we all in and say okay let's see how it goes. This is all in fruit. Everybody's involved with it. You should know that we're trying to change the world. We're trying to make it a better place that was before. So each of us are planting a seed planting an imprint into the world. So whatever we discussing here, you know that we're part of the people that decide to make the world a better place and we're so grateful for that for giving us that opportunity and we're so so grateful. Thank you very much.
Ricky Stebbins: It's a team effort. I need all of you as much as you guys think you need me.
Somto Chigbogu: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like without you guys, I would have nothing.
Somto Chigbogu: That's true. That's very true.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to keep saying that. You guys are very important. Without you guys, this project goes nowhere, you know, and I mean that.


00:42:44

Ricky Stebbins: and I really appreciate everything you're doing.
Somto Chigbogu: That's true.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to try to get you all the funds I can. Like, I don't want other people suffering while I'm just sitting here waiting for people, looking for people. Like, I'm going to try to get all the funds I can to you. I'm looking into nonprofits because we can start a nonprofit together, but we just need to have a little bit of work to show that we can get the money and people will donate to us, but I want them to donate to you guys. I don't want to control the money. I don't want to hand out money. I want an account that you guys, if you need something, you can just take what you need. And John's a manager. He knows he if you're in control of money, you have to keep track of receipts. And it's it's simple once you've done it. But if nobody teaches you how to do it, then you won't have a clue. I want to keep everything I'm doing public.


00:43:40

Ricky Stebbins: I'll probably have to start writing blog posts about how I'm trying to get nonprofit organizations together and how to connect all this. So, if you guys are curious, it'll all be there and AI can explain it to you because you're not going to want to read 15 pages of nonsense, but the AI will be able to break it down for you very quickly and tell you all the important parts and then you can learn what you need to learn. I don't want you guys writing like me. I want you guys to write like yourselves. And when when you talk to AI, don't let these AI put words in your mouth. If something doesn't sound right, tell it like, "No, I would never say something like that. I like to say things like this and make your AI reflect you." Like, I force my AI to think of other people first. Like, don't think of what's best for me. Like, no. How do we help other people first and then come back to me?


00:44:38

Ricky Stebbins: And my AI respond totally different to that than they did in the beginning.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. Um, yes, sir. Mr. Free Fire, do you have anything to say? Or God, God, do you have anything to say?
Odah Godwin: Yeah. No sir. No sir. I'm okay with everything that have been said. So I'm taking them into consideration also. Listen.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. So, if that's it, I mean, we can just meet again on Monday and you guys can reach out. We should once you guys get Twitter going and Facebook, we'll be posting more often and then more we'll get other people interested. So, we'll have to explain it to them as well.
Emma Obadoni: Um, John,
Ricky Stebbins: But once you get your folder
Emma Obadoni: I think
Ricky Stebbins: Go ahead,
Emma Obadoni: so. John, I think I think you have something to sing.
Ricky Stebbins: Emma.
Emma Obadoni: John,
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yeah, I can hear you.
Emma Obadoni: I think you have something to say or soon to have something to say.


00:45:53

John Egwakhide Unuane: No, no, I'm good. I'm good.
Emma Obadoni: Good. So, so what is our goal now?
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: What's our target for next week? We have discussed our target for next week.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Yeah, we are we are we are um aside Mr. Ricky, we are five one two three four we are six persons here. two posts six times um two post each for six persons. So they are expecting to have an an average of 12 um post up by next week.
Emma Obadoni: All right, sir. So, um, so sir. All right. um um Mr. Do you have anything to say before I make a conclusion?
Somto Chigbogu: I just want some I just want to chip in something uh as regard the post actually please you know because of each of us has have to follow each other on on our various um platform. So like for example now we we want to start with Facebook. So it it would be good if on our on our private WhatsApp group chats that we all are part of, we should share our our handles so that we all could follow each other so that when we make post relating to our mission and our goals, we all would comment because there's this thing that comes with um um something being social proof like people commenting on your post.


00:47:23

Somto Chigbogu: It gives this if if outsiders look at it and say, "Oh, yeah, they are real people with real profile with real life going on in their life commenting on this post." Like social proof is very important. Like for example, the way people will react to Donald Trump making a comment will not be the way people will react to uh the average Joe on the streets. Why? Because Donald Trump has social proof. Donald Trump is the president of United States of America. So what I'm trying to say is that we all should share our profile after this meeting we all should share our profile so that each of us can go um directly to our profile and if possible to our blog our blog is important. So whenever each of us post Google algorithm, Facebook algorithm can know okay this this post seems valuable. It could help to share it to more people so that they can know the mission and the goals of us and who knows before the end of this year we might have like more than 1,000 people joining our meets.


00:48:18

Somto Chigbogu: This is a vision started started by few visionaries and it comes down to being engaged with it. So that's just my suggestion to the whole world. I actually
Ricky Stebbins: This is going to be great, but we just got to get on Facebook and once you guys are all on it, because I've only seen Marvel, I believe, on Facebook so far and I Emma and Samto have commented on X Twitter.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Um, I'll find you on I'll find you on X before before we end the meeting. I'm usually not active on Facebook. I don't even have the app installed on my phone.
Ricky Stebbins: I think you can just use it.
Emma Obadoni: So,
Ricky Stebbins: Uh
Emma Obadoni: do you have Facebook or Twitter? Free fire. Free fire. Can you hear me? God. Do you have Facebook or Twitter?
Odah Godwin: Yes,
Emma Obadoni: God.
Odah Godwin: but my Twitter is actually a new account because my old account got banned. So, I'm trying I will try and set it up and try and follow follow you guys up everybody.


00:49:32

Free Fire: Yes.
Odah Godwin: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: What of
Odah Godwin: Yeah. I'm not having a Facebook account. It's been long I access Facebook. So,
Emma Obadoni: Facebook?
Odah Godwin: I'm not having a Facebook account, but I'm having a Twitter account. So, I'll try and set everything up this night. I think I'm already following you, sir, Emma. So, I'll try and follow Ricky also and everybody other persons that drop their their listing on the listing on the platform, WhatsApp
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Odah Godwin: platform.
Emma Obadoni: The stuff is that the stuff the thing is that everyone of people have a Facebook within this period please try and create a Facebook account because so that to connect on Facebook and also on X so that the traffic will not just be on one platform and
Odah Godwin: Okay sir. Okay.
Emma Obadoni: so Mr. M is like Mr. The apps will be the
Marvel Enyindah: Hello everyone. So, so what I want to talk about is concerning the phone aspect, the gadget aspect. Okay, I've been making a lot of research talking with Gemini about it.


00:50:47

Marvel Enyindah: The thing is if we are to deal with um looking at custom duty, I looked at um I had to even create an account with DHF on signing all these just to know how they work internally. So I discovered that um DHL in Massachusetts is quite distant from certain areas like you have to drive quite a mile or more for you to get to the office. That's one of the things but all those part of it is not really what I'm looking at. What I'm looking at now is if we are to get the money in Nigeria. Okay. Ricky, you said your suggestion was if you could send the money to Nigeria, right? Yeah. So if you have to do that it would cost you a lot more from what I understand because if
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Marvel Enyindah: you send any money to Nigeria first of all um PayPal will have to take their cost from it. That's one and then um it has to also do with u exchange rates. Yeah. So it will look like we are requesting for more just to get a good device when it's possible that like you said before you had credit cards that you don't use which is a very very good way to go about this you can make use of it and um when you get the phone over there in the US where it's easy it's easily gotten it's cheaper compared to the Nigerian market where it's all rigged and things are more expensive because of


00:52:12

Marvel Enyindah: types so it's easier like when you able to get it in the US it's just they only cost we'll be dealing with would be shipping. Yeah. Because through my research on it seems prefire has something to say. Let me allow me.
Free Fire: um good everyone.
Marvel Enyindah: Yeah. Go there.
Free Fire: Uh yes sir, Mr. We really appreciate um you for the funings. More blessings sir. So what I want to say exactly is that concerning um shipping it from America than buying from Nigeria, it will be better by shipping it because when I made some research now that it is it was mainly about the cost. Yes, if you can purchase those phones from like platforms like Amazon or Walmart, it will be much cheaper than buying it in Nigeria. You know the currency you guys use over there have more value than one we use here. So it will be more better. Only thing we going to be fac is just shipping fees which can be around the space of $35 to $40.


00:53:18

Free Fire: So that's what I'm thinking about.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to look into all of this this weekend and then I'm going to write it all up so that you guys can see what
Free Fire: So
Ricky Stebbins: research I did and how we're going to start making this happen. Next month, like I had to pay my bills this month, so I have to wait. I can't just fork out all kinds of money,
Marvel Enyindah: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: but next month I can spend like $800 right off the bat.
Marvel Enyindah: No.
Ricky Stebbins: But if I can get more money from other people or more devices,
Marvel Enyindah: No.
Ricky Stebbins: if I can get devices instead and have them shipped over by buying stuff over here, I'd rather I want to figure out the best option. I don't want to just rush and do something tonight and then have you guys come back to me in two days and say, "I wish you didn't do that.
Marvel Enyindah: That's that's a great idea. I think it would be better you take enough time to make research on this,


00:54:07

Free Fire: See?
Marvel Enyindah: go through it with your AI so that you come up with the best decision on this and
Ricky Stebbins: I want I want to make this happen as soon as possible,
Marvel Enyindah: then
Ricky Stebbins: but this is going to be a lifetime commitment for me. Like, this project is going to be the rest of my life. I never want to stop helping people. And the way this project works, I should never have to stop helping people. Like we should always have
Emma Obadoni: Okay, now hold Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: options.
Emma Obadoni: what I'm saying is sir um first of all I really want to appreciate your effort once again and then I really want to appreciate everyone's effort. John Sto Min and Fifan because if all of us if you are not putting the work or if you're not serious will not be here hosting this amazing meeting to shaping to shape our future and also to let the world knows what is going on and I say I really want to appreciate everyone effort financially morally and otherwise everywhere.


00:55:23

Emma Obadoni: So sir when it comes to so writing the story that's what we're going to do and posting that's what we're going to do and when it comes about the phones and I believe um so s let me not be like so s just do any anything that best suits you if you feel if you feel that the credit card is the one that suits you the most you can do it then if you feel like okay if you feel like okay sending through the paper sending through the paper um is the one that's that's suited the most you can do because when sent through the paper within just how many within just 20 minutes I've already received it to my Nigerian account so um so so actually anything that is best for now and um believe and money is not even our goal because money just money just a tool because when you work on we project with time money start flowing so money is not even our goal that's what I believe while working on project because anybody who is working on project should know that money is not your goal helping people and helping humanity is the major goal.


00:56:33

Emma Obadoni: Money is just a side truth. So but for now let's focus on the working because if we start walking I start see people around the world will start donating to to us because they they are seeing real working we are pushing on. So for now everyone of us if you don't have a Facebook account create a Facebook account. If you don't have a Twitter account create a Twitter account and and share your link on the WhatsApp group so that each and every one of us will follow it and and also write your stories and also write your stories on and how you write your stories so that on Monday all of us we all of us are going to review it and I believe Mr. Mr. Jacob has cover Mr. and wiki as cover of our internet connection internet subscription h it may not be up a month it may just for some weeks but uh but this is let's use it for the best of ability and I believe stage by stage the sky will be our again.
Ricky Stebbins: That sounds great, guys.


00:57:50

Emma Obadoni: Would any anyone else have something to say before we call it
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Emma Obadoni: today?
Free Fire: No. No.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. So, and also Mr. If you have some other people in US that can join us just just like the way we are trying to connect more Nigerians and also so that you also reach out to people maybe one can join us so that it will be on a broader um on a larger scale
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Emma Obadoni: also.
Ricky Stebbins: once we start commenting on Facebook, that'll be easier to get people because I don't have a lot of friends on X, but I can share stuff on X, but I'm going to share this video on Facebook once it loads. I don't know if you guys have seen these videos. I'm going to put this video on YouTube as
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: well.
Emma Obadoni: I've seen it on YouTube. We start commenting on it on YouTube. I've seen it on YouTube. The red one have Mr. Ricky YouTube handle.
Ricky Stebbins: Does somebody else want to start a YouTube channel and we could follow one of you


00:58:50

Emma Obadoni: Yes. So, Mr.
Odah Godwin: I'm not having the YouTube channel.
Emma Obadoni: Rick.
Odah Godwin: I'm not having the YouTube channel link.
Ricky Stebbins: guys?
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Okay. So, Mr. Ricky, just send share your YouTube channel link on the WhatsApp group so that we all can follow it and start connecting.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. So, all right. I'll send that link and then we're all set. I'll put it in this chat, too.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Should have links
Emma Obadoni: And um also everyone of us please um the next meeting you're coming please letting let there be no excuse on why you are not able to write up a story. Please let's putting our best on it and and I trust every one of us we are going to put our best on it. there will not be any excuse and everything and uh and um also before the meeting before the meeting for the sake of accountability we are going to share our Google our Google blog on the on the on WhatsApp message a day before the day we are going to share our WhatsApp the Google blog link


01:00:10

Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Emma Obadoni: on the WhatsApp group chat before the before our meeting on Monday.
Ricky Stebbins: I already have Emma's, Santos, John's,
Emma Obadoni: Sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: uh, Free Buyers, and Marvel's links, and I have them pasted on my account. So, I I just need
Emma Obadoni: Okay. So,
Ricky Stebbins: Goodwin.
Emma Obadoni: Mr. Rick, your your necklace is looking fine. Your shirts your shirts are looking fine.
Ricky Stebbins: Thank you. You guys are looking good, too. Looking buff.
Emma Obadoni: So, how is your um feet? So, so which city do you live in?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my I'm sorry.
Emma Obadoni: Which city do you live in?
Ricky Stebbins: What' you say?
Emma Obadoni: I said, which city do you live? The city you live in
Ricky Stebbins: What? Springfield,
Emma Obadoni: America.
Ricky Stebbins: Massachusetts. I live near Boston.
Emma Obadoni: That's nice. I've heard so much about it also. That's nice. Is it a Republican or a Democrat?
Ricky Stebbins: I think they're Democrats right now.


01:01:16

Emma Obadoni: A Democrat.
Ricky Stebbins: They're all full of crap. They're all trash.
Marvel Enyindah: You have the
Ricky Stebbins: They're terrible. And we're going to stop them.
Emma Obadoni: Yes. About me. Um, I think I love a little more of Republican more than Democrats.
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to get rid of the Republicans and the Democrats. There's not going to be any more parties. It's going to be all for the people. All people all around the world. Not for Americans or Canadians. It's going to be for
Emma Obadoni: So yes,
Ricky Stebbins: everybody.
Emma Obadoni: step by step our goal is helping humanity and sharing our dreams, sharing our goals to every one of us. So if anyone else have anything to say before we draw a
Free Fire: Another
Emma Obadoni: conclusion, do anyone else have something to say?
Somto Chigbogu: uh one or two things. So guys look uh I want us to understand something.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Somto Chigbogu: Uh we don't know the opportunity and the the exposure we are going to get from all this that is happening.


01:02:26

Somto Chigbogu: Uh first of all we we are privileged to have a a like-minded view. uh for me actually I'm a Christian so I will speak from from the scripture and sorry that I'm bringing up I'm bringing up scripture in this kind of gathering but
Emma Obadoni: We are Christians.
Somto Chigbogu: I just have to pass a message across I understand we might have people of diverse faith in this gathering but I just want to say something there's a scripture passage that says that if one or two people are gathered and they have the same mind they can achieve anything. Look, it says if there if one or two are gathered and they have the same mind, they can achieve anything. So basically if I have to put this thing out in literal meaning it means that if we all decide and say okay this particular project we're about to embark on we want to achieve a common goal on it. We want to be really honest with oursel we want to tell ourselves that okay let this be part of the things I volunteered to do this year 2026. Let this let this be part of what we want to do with our time.


01:03:36

Somto Chigbogu: Maybe that our spare time we can use to write our story, share our views and opinions on this. Let it be what we can use can choose to do. The money will definitely come. I know all of us are young people. Ricky, you can understand that most of us here are still young people. We're trying to try to find our ground. That's the honest truth. But if we say, okay, we want to do something together like this as a team and as a group, nothing can stop us. Nothing can stop us. The world is too big. The world is our oyster. The world is our oyster. And this is time for us to to be bold and upfront with it. So this is a great project. AI is a big industry that in the next few years there are definitely going to be some guys going to be doing great things in it. So we are privileged to be part of those that are alllight in this in this thing to have some conversation on how we can celail the ease of AI.


01:04:30

Somto Chigbogu: So if we can remain focused for some few few months, few years, the world is going to hear our voice and what we're trying to achieve. So in essence, what I'm trying to say is that as a team, we have a whole lot to do, but we can do that because we are united. There is a Bible phrase I read this morning that says, "Come here all who are who labor and I will give you rest." It means that we might look at the acts like a big thing. ah this is too heavy this is too deep for us to do but if we are working like a team and our mind and and we have the same mind in need it's not going to be taxful just do your own part from your own end write the story if you don't know how to write a story share on the group people are there to always help you the thing about this group is that we all guys actually everybody wants to help each other nobody nobody we don't have the same level of intelligence in this group we have engineers we have I guess all of us with time will introduce our various profession but we have smarts really smart people here that are willing to help each other.


01:05:30

Somto Chigbogu: By the grace of God, I'm privileged to be a lawyer and practicing one of the top top here in Abuja. So nobody's an knowledge want to find a way to help each other and just because we all together this how we spread our network. This how we spread and few years from now we grateful that all of us are gathered here. So what I'm trying to saying say here is that we all should be honest ourselves. We all should come together as a mind so that we can achieve something. There's something before I leave this night, I want to share something I read from Napoleon Hill uh uh uh Napoleon Hill's uh classic book which is think um think and grow rich. She said there's a group called mastermind. Now what I mean by mastermind is that this group come together to discuss ideas to discuss how to evolve to discuss how to move things to the next level. So if we really want to move things to the next level, if we really want to be the ones that can say okay I want to be the rebellious one I want to be the one that can make a change in this world after all what are we really existing if we don't if we don't make a change in the world we are living and that is the idea that is the reason why I subscribe to this group because we are those that choose to make a difference we are those that choose to say


01:06:42

Somto Chigbogu: okay I want to make things happen all right so we we see that
Free Fire: Thank you.
Somto Chigbogu: privileged to be part of this group because anybody here is not small person for you to be in this group. You're not small. You're not small. For you to say, okay, they want to bring you all this group to this course. You're not a small person. So for you to prove and show that okay, you really want a part of this, you have to be committed. We have to be focused to achieve our common mission and which is what to spread message out there that we can make something better with all these tools being released out there. So I don't know I think I've been speaking too much but that's just what I have to just share before we we have some conclusion. I greet you guys.
Ricky Stebbins: We are doing God's work. And I don't feel uncomfortable hearing you talk about that. I I want people to talk about what they love.


01:07:32

Ricky Stebbins: We're going to spread love across the planet and we're going to use AI to do it. You're muted, Emma.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. All right, sir. In the sense of no other things, Mr. Ricky, do you play game? Because I see some stuff on your
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no. That's a That's a VHS tape.
Emma Obadoni: background.
Ricky Stebbins: That's a Transformers the movie VHS. There's all toys and stuff. I got toys. You guys ever watched Transformers as a
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Uh,
Ricky Stebbins: kid?
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yes.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Optimus Prime. I did
Ricky Stebbins: I love toys. I got G.I. Joe's, Transformers, Legos, Ninja Turtles, He-Man.
Emma Obadoni: What about
Ricky Stebbins: That's what America America's all about being selfish.
Emma Obadoni: you?
Ricky Stebbins: They raised me to care about trash and they didn't want me helping people for years. So, I collected toys. I had to think about God. I had to look in the mirror.


01:08:45

Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, what am I doing with my life? How am I helping other people by buying toys and sitting at home doing nothing with my life? Wait.
Emma Obadoni: Sir, what about your dog?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, she's right here.
Emma Obadoni: Let me see. Ah, so cute. What was his name again?
Ricky Stebbins: Harley. She's my little baby. Harley Quinn. Like the Joker's girlfriend. I'm a big Batman fan. 11.
Emma Obadoni: 11 years or 11 months.
Ricky Stebbins: 11 years.
Emma Obadoni: 11 years.
Ricky Stebbins: She's old.
Somto Chigbogu: Wait 11 years.
Emma Obadoni: Jesus.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, she's 11 years old. Pomeranians live to be
Marvel Enyindah: I cannot see it again.
Ricky Stebbins: 20.
Emma Obadoni: Can we say it again?
Marvel Enyindah: It seems strange. You know, Nigerian dogs don't live that long.
Emma Obadoni: 2011
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, she's 11.
Emma Obadoni: years.
Ricky Stebbins: She's still spunky. She still acts like a little
Emma Obadoni: Yes. Yeah. Like a little puppy.


01:09:56

Emma Obadoni: So that's nice.
Ricky Stebbins: puppy.
Emma Obadoni: That's nice. It's still looking fresh. Not like maybe just like seven months or eight eight months. So guess how about your family and everybody? I hope they're doing
Ricky Stebbins: My family doesn't talk to me at all.
Emma Obadoni: fine.
Ricky Stebbins: My family doesn't want me helping other people. They want me to stop.
Emma Obadoni: But they live in they live they live in the same house with you or live separately.
Ricky Stebbins: My sister and nephew live here and then I have a brother and mother that live elsewhere.
Emma Obadoni: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm the oldest of
Emma Obadoni: that's not good.
Ricky Stebbins: three.
Emma Obadoni: That's nice. So maybe with time as time is going we get to know more people and get to reach out because sky is our li it's our starting point just as soon to say so in the in the maybe can I call it today send your greet your dog for me and step by step we are moving forward please guys let's put in the work and everything and as we put in the work, Mr. Mr. Ricky is here to support us. So, thank you so much and then every time and anything you need, just let me know so that we communicate it. So, we'll call it a night.
John Egwakhide Unuane: Good night,
Emma Obadoni: Goodbye.
John Egwakhide Unuane: guys.
Ricky Stebbins: Have a great night everyone.
Marvel Enyindah: Goodbye.
Somto Chigbogu: All right. Goodbye, guys.
Odah Godwin: Good night everyone. Good night.


Transcription ended after 01:11:57

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
