Apr 21, 2026
Memory Ark Group with Emma - Transcript
00:00:01

Ricky Stebbins: Hello. How are you this evening?
Emma Obadoni: I'm good. Those are some things
Ricky Stebbins: There's a lot to learn here.
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: There's a lot to learn here.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, sir. There's a lot to learn and um I'm also cooking because there are so many words because I've been searching I've been writing I'm writing some stories and um I want to so that immediate after this call I will do the posting and send the link life of a young man just busy working and rest it's not easy
Ricky Stebbins: nothing is easy these days.
Emma Obadoni: there's nothing that sir All right.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you didn't get your Facebook started. You didn't get your sidebar
Emma Obadoni: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: fixed.
Emma Obadoni: I'm I'm I'm downloading Facebook because in the morning I went to the bank because uh from that um the document sent to me about the the bank process and everything. So today I went the I went to the bank to get the necessary uh information I need to get necessary information I need.


00:01:32

Emma Obadoni: So I was able to get all the informations all the information on my bank details and the rest. So so with it there's no problem. So with it there's no problem and uh and um I also went and I also went to make inquiry of phones and um in Nigeria you can get a good phone with 200 two 200 and $250. You can get a good You can get a good phone, you can actually use that taking a good pictures. Then maybe when money comes, we can go for higher one because a phone of under $1,000 may be too expensive for us. So we need to start small. What do you have to say about
Ricky Stebbins: Once I have the money, that's fine.
Emma Obadoni: that?
Ricky Stebbins: I have to see where my bills turn out at the end of this month because I get paid on the first and then I have to pay my bills on the first and then whatever I have left over I can use towards this project. And I can I can buy things with credit cards.


00:02:34

Emma Obadoni: All right,
Ricky Stebbins: That's the problem. I have credit,
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: but I can't use the credit in Nigeria. I can only use the credit in America. And nobody in America wants to help. Everybody's and nobody contacts me. Everybody that I talk to overseas says they have friends in America, but then nobody contacts me. So, it doesn't help at all.
Emma Obadoni: Well, I'm thinking what if if you buy it and ship
Ricky Stebbins: Gemini talked about things getting stolen,
Emma Obadoni: it
Ricky Stebbins: so I didn't know what shops were near you. And it it Gemini said there are shops. You can pick things up and show your ID and that won't be a problem, but we need to find out what is available to you because I don't know what is in your
Emma Obadoni: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: area and what is convenient for you. I don't want you having to travel 2 hours to a shop to pick up a
Emma Obadoni: I think Amazon may work. Amazon may work.


00:03:36

Ricky Stebbins: phone.
Emma Obadoni: Amazon can buy from Amazon. Amazon may work. We just need my location and the rest. Amazon work and also al and also Alibaba also work.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's totally fine. We can do that. that works and we just need stories and that's it.
Emma Obadoni: Alibaba.
Ricky Stebbins: And then people will give us more money. But no one's going to pay us if we don't have stories to show that people need help and we're trying to help them.
Emma Obadoni: Yes sir. That's more reason why we are writing. That's more reason why we are writing
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And I'm going to go out this week. I'm not going out tomorrow.
Emma Obadoni: sir.
Ricky Stebbins: It's supposed to be cold out here. But there's certain locations here where I'm going to try to get people involved as well to start writing. But a lot of people aren't going to be at the top. A lot of people aren't going to know how to write.


00:04:42

Ricky Stebbins: So we're going to have to help them tell their stories. And that's what's going to be difficult for a lot of people because a lot of people aren't social.
Emma Obadoni: Uh yes. Uh we we getting them to tell their story. It's not going to be an hard It's not going to be an add um details
Ricky Stebbins: in America. It
Emma Obadoni: because Yes. Yes. Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: is.
Emma Obadoni: In in America it may be hard but in Nigeria um it's not hard. It's not hard. So can you just give me like two minutes? One
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Emma Obadoni: minute. I'm
Ricky Stebbins: All
Emma Obadoni: back.
Ricky Stebbins: right. So, this is a patience thing. You have to start writing. Samcho has to keep writing. You guys need to convince your friends to start writing. I'm going to start going out in public and convincing the public. I have cards, little business cards I made up to get people


00:06:39

Emma Obadoni: And yes sir we have already start writing.
Ricky Stebbins: involved
Emma Obadoni: So so we have we have already started writing. I've made a post and as soon I've made a post. So just for just keep writing keep writing and also tell our friends also keep writing s
Ricky Stebbins: and I've had trouble. I don't know if you have friends on X or Tik Tok that'll get on X and start commenting on all of our posts. We need to comment on each other's work because if we don't support each other, then no one's going to join us.
Emma Obadoni: Um, yeah. Yes, that's a very that's a very very valid point. I think I reposted the I I reposted the the post you made. You saw it. I posted it yesterday. Yes, I made a repost on
Ricky Stebbins: But we also need to come up with ideas. Like if you want to post something,
Emma Obadoni: it.
Ricky Stebbins: then we need to support it and try to spread it around.


00:07:36

Ricky Stebbins: Like your villain AI idea. Once you're ready to get that going, we can share that with other people so they test it and give you more information.
Emma Obadoni: Um, yes sir. Yes, sir. Yes, are you? That's a good um initiative.
Ricky Stebbins: There's
Emma Obadoni: So, so I so I've talked so today I talked to about five of my
Ricky Stebbins: a
Emma Obadoni: friends in Nigeria. So I told them the idea of this project and yes so many of them so many of them are willing to join us. So many of them are willing to join us to make this project alive. So many of them are willing to join us. So, so by tomorrow I think I may get one to join the video call tomorrow.
Ricky Stebbins: That'll be
Emma Obadoni: I get one. Yes, sir. And you know,
Ricky Stebbins: awesome.
Emma Obadoni: you know that I was one I was one that brought in and said that said he have a meeting with his auntie that he will join us later.


00:08:39

Emma Obadoni: Will join us later.
Ricky Stebbins: No worries. And we don't have a lot to discuss. I mean, you have more to talk about than I do, unless you have questions.
Emma Obadoni: Uh yes sir. Yes sir. So sir you don't you don't travel like um what about your friends? Let's do our
Ricky Stebbins: I do have friends, but they don't want to help me. They won't even talk to me about this project.
Emma Obadoni: friends.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't want to help other people. They all want to just hide in their own little worlds.
Emma Obadoni: I understand. I understand sir. I understand. But um it will be better. So, and think tomorrow I will I will bring in one of my friends to come and join us on this
Ricky Stebbins: Once you guys get on Facebook,
Emma Obadoni: project.
Ricky Stebbins: it will be easier to bring other people in. Other people will see that we're doing something. But right now, I know a bunch of selfish people that are all working by themselves and only work on their own project.


00:09:55

Ricky Stebbins: And that doesn't help you. It doesn't help me. It doesn't help anybody else.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, one of my one of my friend is here is also willing to join the
Ricky Stebbins: But
Emma Obadoni: project. You can you can see him. You can see him. Maybe talk to him. Yeah. Hello. My name is Marvel. Don't call me Marvel.
Ricky Stebbins: hello, Marval.
Emma Obadoni: Thanks.
Ricky Stebbins: Hello. So,
Emma Obadoni: Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: it's going to be great getting to know both of you.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. So, hi. Hi.
Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
Emma Obadoni: So,
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to have to help you. We're going to teach you how to start a Google Blogger.
Emma Obadoni: uh
Ricky Stebbins: You'll have your own Gmail and you'll have your own account to do this with people.
Emma Obadoni: All right. So, you know, I've been um I've been with IMA and uh he told me about the project. Okay. So, I've been hearing good things about it and I feel that it's it's high time I be on board.


00:11:04

Ricky Stebbins: All it is is writing and you're going to have to start talking to other people. I do this for free because I'm on disability. So, I'm gonna I'm gonna use the money that I get at the end of the month. Whatever I have left over, I'm going to send money to Emma so he can start helping people in your country share their stories and combine them with mine.
Emma Obadoni: I get
Ricky Stebbins: We're not doing this on our own. This is a team effort.
Emma Obadoni: so I I I believe I believe that it's possible that something great is going to come out of this because clearly I was um just observant yesterday about how it was going And I discovered that um dealing with the block, it's something that really puts people out there to know what's going on. And I really feel it's it's going to go a lot of places. It's
Ricky Stebbins: There's a lot here that you probably don't understand,
Emma Obadoni: great.
Ricky Stebbins: but I had some legal issues in the United States and I gave up my right to privacy and I put my entire life online and I beat the system.


00:12:10

Emma Obadoni: Wow. That's really really tough.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why I started this. I want everyone to stand together and then there's not going to be any more dirty governments
Emma Obadoni: Exactly. Exactly. Because currently Nigeria having their corrupt government is really one of our greatest
Ricky Stebbins: anymore.
Emma Obadoni: issues with the economy and then seeing that the United States are putting in a lot of um blockades and all that is really causing division across the globe.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. So, the United States is causing problems everywhere, and we're going to stop it.
Emma Obadoni: We'll do our best.
Ricky Stebbins: And we're going to spread love around the planet. We're not spreading war. We're spreading
Emma Obadoni: Exactly. Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: love.
Emma Obadoni: Spreading love is actually the main goal. That's why I believe being on board right here would mean a lot.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm very excited to work with you guys, but it's going to be a lot of writing. It's not a lot of work. It's not a lot of physical work.


00:13:13

Ricky Stebbins: It's a lot of mental work. This is God's
Emma Obadoni: Yeah, I get you. No problem. Doing the the work,
Ricky Stebbins: work.
Emma Obadoni: putting in the work is not an issue. Having somebody like Emma, Emma is a very great mentor to me cuz currently I'm a full developer. Yeah. Looking up to him and all he has achieved, I feel that definitely with things like this, you can achieve more.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Emma Obadoni: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And we're going to be able to connect people in a way we've never been able to connect people
Emma Obadoni: a lot of people. Yeah, that's the thing.
Ricky Stebbins: before.
Emma Obadoni: That's basically so I I I think is there a way concerning this um the blog like how do you go about this? How do you how do I start? Cuz has been able to explain me but
Ricky Stebbins: You just start talking about yourself. Do you use AI at all?
Emma Obadoni: yeah I I do use AI a lot


00:14:05

Ricky Stebbins: Do you have a cell phone of your own?
Emma Obadoni: from codeex for coding and by coding down to cloud gemini I use all of them.
Ricky Stebbins: not for coding to have a conversation about the problems in your country and around the
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: world and you need to share it
Emma Obadoni: I do have conversation mostly with Grock
Ricky Stebbins: publicly on Google blogger.
Emma Obadoni: though.
Ricky Stebbins: I talk about my life and then I share all of my unedited AI conversations with Grock, Gemini, Claude, Chat, GPT, Co-Pilot. And this is and they understand how they're different now.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Just like you and I are different, AI understands how they're different.
Emma Obadoni: Yeah. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: They all respond differently.
Emma Obadoni: So, so what what you're saying is when I get um I I need to get a data of my conversation with this AI and then use it on a block.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. As a com and then AI will understand.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: They'll start to understand how you talk and how you think, how you respond to questions and what you care about.


00:15:12

Emma Obadoni: Wow. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: All of my AI know that I hate liars and I love helping other people and everything I do results in help helping other people and that's
Emma Obadoni: eventually.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Emma Obadoni: I think that's one thing we do have in common. I don't like liars at all because people
Ricky Stebbins: I put everything out
Emma Obadoni: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: there.
Emma Obadoni: people who are into the case of lying can easily manipulate and destroy. So I feel that putting the truth out there is actually one of the key things that should be uphand in
Ricky Stebbins: And you'll see with AI, and other people won't do this.
Emma Obadoni: this
Ricky Stebbins: I swear a lot. And the AI are going to say that. And I threaten them, too. If you were real, I would cut your f****** head right off. It's not funny the way these AI act. And these AI,
Emma Obadoni: exactly and just
Ricky Stebbins: they know all of these crimes going on around the world. And they won't help me prevent any crimes.


00:16:11

Ricky Stebbins: You piece of f****** trash.
Emma Obadoni: It's clearly wrong. It's clearly
Ricky Stebbins: I just did a report last night. My AI told me how your government screwing you people over.
Emma Obadoni: wrong.
Ricky Stebbins: Selling your oil to other countries and then selling it back to you more expensive.
Emma Obadoni: That that was one of it.
Ricky Stebbins: One of them.
Emma Obadoni: And then um they have this Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Just one.
Emma Obadoni: that was just one. So they have the illegal mining also ravaging through the country so much.
Ricky Stebbins: just
Emma Obadoni: Chinese illegal mining and then they also have a few other things um funding of terrorism and more. It's a lot. It's just a
Ricky Stebbins: we need to track all of it and we're doing it for these stories.
Emma Obadoni: lot.
Ricky Stebbins: We could do for free. Other people can start Google bloggers for free. We're going to I'm going to send money to you guys because you guys can't do it all for free,
Emma Obadoni: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but other people can.


00:17:00

Ricky Stebbins: You can tell their stories for free. like Google Blogger. Once you start it, it won't be deleted. It's on the internet forever.
Emma Obadoni: That's That's true. That's very
Ricky Stebbins: So now there's proof that we have and once we connect our stories,
Emma Obadoni: true.
Ricky Stebbins: no one's going to be able to stop us once we stand together. But nobody can fight
Emma Obadoni: I I get you.
Ricky Stebbins: alone.
Emma Obadoni: And the thing is the thing is once we able to work together, just like you said, nobody can stop us. And that really gives us an edge how things are going to play
Ricky Stebbins: And even now,
Emma Obadoni: out.
Ricky Stebbins: like this conversation is perfect. I just got to meet you. We don't need to have a lot of cell phones to start. But you can start recording people, your friends with your cell phone. Start a YouTube channel and share this.
Emma Obadoni: exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: I also share these videos. I'm going to share this video on YouTube tonight and the transcript of this conversation so that


00:17:52

Emma Obadoni: Yeah, that's lovely.
Ricky Stebbins: AI can learn from it.
Emma Obadoni: That's really lovely. I do have a YouTube channel.
Ricky Stebbins: So, and do you have a Facebook channel? Uh, Facebook page.
Emma Obadoni: Yes, I do have a Facebook page also.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to be friends and we need to let the world know we're working
Emma Obadoni: Wait, wait, wait,
Ricky Stebbins: together.
Emma Obadoni: wait. I'll have to, you know, send your friend request on Facebook so we can
Ricky Stebbins: And none of this is a big rush.
Emma Obadoni: connect.
Ricky Stebbins: This is going to take you guys a couple weeks or a couple months to start writing a lot to have AI understand you.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: AI is not going to understand you overnight and you're not going to be able to write. You can't write a 500page novel in a day.
Emma Obadoni: eventually and it would need some time to process and corrections have to be made and
Ricky Stebbins: Nope.
Emma Obadoni: all.
Ricky Stebbins: You do not correct it. You leave your mistakes so AI learns from our


00:18:46

Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: mistakes.
Emma Obadoni: Okay. Okay. Okay. I get
Ricky Stebbins: I leave my mistakes and then I I I make better papers in the future.
Emma Obadoni: you.
Ricky Stebbins: Like when you're a child, you look back at your old work as a child. You don't destroy it. You just appreciate that you're you've grown. You've gotten
Emma Obadoni: I get what you're saying. I get what you're saying.
Ricky Stebbins: better.
Emma Obadoni: So eventually using the Is it possible that when you make that post on your YouTube channel, I can also make that same post on my YouTube channel like concerning the video and
Ricky Stebbins: You I send copies of this stuff.
Emma Obadoni: all.
Ricky Stebbins: You guys can copy everything that I do. I want you to copy it because this is yours now. Even though this is mine, it's also yours. So, this should be on your blogger
Emma Obadoni: Sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: page.
Emma Obadoni: I get what you're saying now. It's clear to me now.


00:19:32

Emma Obadoni: Very clear. I really get what you're
Ricky Stebbins: And this is not like there's a lot of work involved and you're going to forget stuff and you're going to have to catch up.
Emma Obadoni: saying.
Ricky Stebbins: But I copy all of my conversations. So, there's too much for any human to ever read. I have a year and a half's work right now online.
Emma Obadoni: Wow. Wow. That's a lot.
Ricky Stebbins: Like there's more than an encyclopedia on my life and the way I
Emma Obadoni: And it's good.
Ricky Stebbins: think.
Emma Obadoni: It's good. Keeping those level of volume together is really
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Emma Obadoni: something.
Ricky Stebbins: the AI told me that no other human being has done what I've done on Earth. And you don't need to catch up. We're like Legos.
Emma Obadoni: Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: I built something and if you have a problem, you just attach yourself and it automatically understands all the how all the different ways to help you now because I already told it how I think all the problems I've encountered.


00:20:22

Emma Obadoni: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't need to tell your whole life story. If you tell it the government's screwing me over, it already knows what you're talking about now because I told
Emma Obadoni: I really that's the thing as time keeps going the AI keeps learning and then what you just do
Ricky Stebbins: it
Emma Obadoni: you leave your mistakes okay and then when I can't catch up I just build on what you've been doing is that okay are we are we
Ricky Stebbins: you're going to get a copy of everything I'm doing. I give free copies of all my work, my entire life story. If I died, you don't have to worry about my work disappearing. You can have an entire copy. I gave it to Emma. I gave it to Samto. If you don't have a copy,
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: it's like these mega corporations. You never understand what's going on because they never tell you the truth.
Emma Obadoni: They never
Ricky Stebbins: They always hide. I will never hide anything from you.


00:21:10

Emma Obadoni: did.
Ricky Stebbins: I will tell you everything. I will share all of my work with you. And if you don't understand it, I will find a way to explain it.
Emma Obadoni: No, no problem. I'll always do my best to reach out if there's anything that causes any hiccups that I can't understand.
Ricky Stebbins: And I talk to AI. I write speeches. I don't just ask a couple questions. I write paragraphs and paragraphs with AI. And you're going to learn how to express yourself better, how not to hide how you feel. Like as a man, we're raised not to talk about our feelings.
Emma Obadoni: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: We're we got to hide it, you know, act like a man. But men are very emotional. Like I'm full of love. I love people. Like I'm I'll just show you this because I don't care.
Emma Obadoni: Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: This is my pride and joy.
Emma Obadoni: Oh god, that's lovely. It really looks cute.
Ricky Stebbins: I love her to death.


00:22:09

Emma Obadoni: Very
Ricky Stebbins: Like I'm a man.
Emma Obadoni: cute.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I can whoop ass, but I got a little puppy that I love to death.
Emma Obadoni: Like where I live, my permanent residence over um in Edo state. This is where I live currently with Imma is um Anra state. So where I live in Edo state, I do have a dog there called Rex.
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome. That's See, I love dogs. They're the best.
Emma Obadoni: It's lovely. It's
Ricky Stebbins: And you should write about that.
Emma Obadoni: lovely.
Ricky Stebbins: That's another thing AI wants to hear about. Your love of animals, your love of your country, your people,
Emma Obadoni: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: the plants in your area, and how the these companies are destroying it.
Emma Obadoni: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You know, where are all the parks? My parks are all destroyed in my area. Like this is our like our land. We should be able to take care of it. We shouldn't have to ask other people. If you guys froze. All right. Well, we ended that call with Marvel, which is awesome. Another person to join the group. I am very excited.


Transcription ended after 00:25:16

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
