Title:
How I came to my Epiphany
https://youtu.be/4hXmNYkUWio?si=a2q1wXWkYr6i2_ge

Description I wrote for video series in 2023 after attorney O'Doherty tried to get me to have trial by surprise.

20 views  Jun 14, 2023  SPRINGFIELD
It took almost 45 years, yet on Wednesday May 24, 2023 this court case postponement helped me find the answer that I have been searching for my entire adult life. It’s fitting I didn’t add the answer, I wasn’t sure until after I felt totally confident speaking up for myself  in front of the judge I face on Friday the 26th in worcester court.
I’ll post my self evaluation/epiphany soon.

Audio Transcript:
Hi I'm Ricky

My entire life has been a emotional and physical roller coaster.

I didn't discover i was suffering from hyperthyroidism until i was almost 40 years old, I'll be 45 this year. shortly after i found this out, i was able to solve another bizarre health issue i had developed.

Much to my dismay, I also happen to have a rare untreatable/incurable genetic skeletal muscle disorder. (Adenosine monophosphate deaminase deficiency)

this causes my muscles to cramp easily and i developed tendonitis without much

If i push myself to hard, i get rhabdomyolysis, this then causes kidney pain from the protein overload.

I've had over a dozen orthopedic surgeries,

trying to undo the damage I've done to myself, unfortunately because of all this, i am now on permanent disability.

i could never explain it in a way people understood, at different points in my life i went from feeling on top of the world, to feeling weak and on the verge of having a nervous breakdown for absolutely no reason. there were times my chest would feel like it was about to explode, i wouldn't be able to sit still,

people would just tell me to knock it off and behave myself. i stayed as positive as i could through it all. I went to the gym as much as i could, i always ate healthy and was open and honest with my doctors at every

I tried seeing therapists and was prescribed medication, yet none of that helped solve

my issues in any way, it always left me feeling worse, defeated, like i was letting everyone

around me down.

thankfully i never turned to street drugs or violence to try to solve any of my problems.

Unfortunately there were times I turned my pain inward and hurt myself instead, thinking that i wasn't hurting others this way. i was always made to feel like i couldn't be honest about how i was feeling both mentally and physically, because it didn't make sense, so i must be lying, i must be depressed or i must be seeking attention.

people close to me constantly called me lazy and said i needed to work more or find

different job or go to school.

At one point of another i took all of this advice and tried all i could to better myself, hoping it would solve ay problems, since i felt no one

truly believed me, i kept telling myself to stay positive and i keep pushing forward.