What is considered legal advice in Massachusetts?

https://youtu.be/NCEP5TJLaeA?si=1p0rUX54NQOMAJ6z


Description:
16 views  Jan 25, 2024  SPRINGFIELD
What is considered legal advice in Massachusetts? 

I had a trial for malicious damage to motor vehicle in Springfield District Court. 

I have physical evidence that shows Springfield Officer Thomas Sheehan -Deleted police report insurance info, knew this driver involved didn’t have insurance, knew her vehicle had a suspended registration and had a rejection sticker for safety. 

Then
 ADA Katherine Johnston- withheld that information from me and then created a fake window receipt after my trial.
All of which is considered crimes under Massachusetts General Law Part IV Title 1 Chapter 268 Section 13E


Let it be known that Judge William Hadley has seen countless police reports, so he was well aware of these issues and intentionally acted confused by the simple explanations I gave for them not being in the reports
I tried to get another court date before Judge Hadley in 2023, he denied my request and said it was a bold allegations.
 
Why should I be forced to report crimes to the same people who committed these crimes? Complete disgusting, like asking an abuse victim to complain to the abuser. 

I still don’t have the recording or transcripts from when I was coerced into pleading guilty. 
I’m not excited to hear how sickly I sound when I say I don’t remember committing that crime, but I must have, cause I wanted evidence that showed police denied me medical attention.  

I find it unsettling that being denied medical attention is always the first thing that rises to the surface. 

How can you let a problem go, when it’s never been addressed?









Transcript

hi I'm Ricky and I'm hoping someone can explain to me what is considered legal advice in
Massachusetts I've had some issues with a police officer an assistant district attorney altering evidence in previous
cases that I had and judges turning a blind eye I was coerced into pleading guilty after someone pointed a gun at my
head and magically no one has a clue what to do people all say oh I've got civil this is a civil case
from people I don't I don't see how this is just a civil case it's criminal stuff that's going on but nobody can offer any legal advice and judges have said to me
when I tried to file a harassment prevention order against a Worcester County district attorney that they can't offer legal advice but I have good
questions who can answer these questions I got some unsolicited legal advice from a East Brookfield judge on
October 14th 2001 letting me know that I can get an apartment back after an alleged assault which kind of boggles my
mind why you would offer me advice that I can get an apartment back when the victim is living there the supposed victim and I'm supposed to be a monster
so why would you tell me that but then I bring up that evidence had been messed with in my previous cases I can't remember exactly how I worded it and I
brought up that this ex of mine son was being abused in the group homes he was living in and she was under a lot of stress when I walked out
but yet I nobody can help me with reporting any abuse nobody can help me reporting people tampering with evidence altering evidence withholding evidence
in cases but you can give me advice that you know I can go get an apartment back which would it seems like it would just
cause more stress and torment for this alleged victim so I'm hoping somebody could you some kind of advice tell me
where to go I've tried talking to the attorney general the governor's office I mean I've called the FBI and nobody knows what to do so any advice is
helpful thank you
