Mar 31, 2026
Dallas and Brandon - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, there you are,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. So,
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm inviting Brandon in. He's He's coming in a minute now, too.
Dallas Flaherty: So, they let me off. The magistrate, he let me off and, you know, I didn't have to do any jail time or anything. My mother wasn't going to go ahead with the charges anyway. You know what I mean?
Ricky Stebbins: You know,
Dallas Flaherty: So,
Ricky Stebbins: the funny thing is your mother doesn't have a choice. If the the court wanted to keep pushing those charges, they could have,
Dallas Flaherty: no. Well, they didn't.
Ricky Stebbins: which is awesome.
Dallas Flaherty: That's what I'm saying.
Ricky Stebbins: So, I mean, I I kind of wish you went to court because I would love to fight the courts.
Dallas Flaherty: But I was in the court.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, but you didn't get to fight them. You didn't get to have a
Dallas Flaherty: Well, I did.
Ricky Stebbins: say
Dallas Flaherty: They let me speak and I said I I said to them that I suffer from anxiety and depression and all that severely, you know, and that I have a traumatic brain
 
 
00:01:00
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: and that is not your problem. What is your problem?
Dallas Flaherty: injury.
Ricky Stebbins: These companies are supposed to provide services for me and they don't.
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: They leave me sitting at home like an animal. How many weeks has it been since you were told you guys were both supposed to start day programs?
Dallas Flaherty: Hey Brandon, how you
Brandon Bruning: What's up
Ricky Stebbins: Looking good,
Dallas Flaherty: doing?
Ricky Stebbins: man. How you feeling?
Brandon Bruning: I guess
Ricky Stebbins: Still stressed out about the the doctor's notes.
Brandon Bruning: a little
Ricky Stebbins: We need to talk about that. The fact that you want the numbers so you can ask AI and show them to your family
Brandon Bruning: bit.
Ricky Stebbins: and no one gives you these numbers is a serious problem.
Dallas Flaherty: not even his doctor would give him the numbers.
Brandon Bruning: I don't understand.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't understand who has control of his medical information and why they're not giving it to
Brandon Bruning: No, no.
Ricky Stebbins: him.
Brandon Bruning: I have to call them or go in there.
 
 
00:01:59
 
Ricky Stebbins: Why?
Brandon Bruning: Go in there and get
Ricky Stebbins: Why do you have to go through this work? They called someone and told them that you are pre-diabetic.
Brandon Bruning: it
Ricky Stebbins: Why did they call them and not call you and explain anything to you? Cuz I heard somebody bust into your room and tell you,
Brandon Bruning: because
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh, you need to start eating healthy. This is your fault." I heard someone say that to you.
Brandon Bruning: my camera was saying um she had I think I think she had the numbers,
Ricky Stebbins: And it's not your
Dallas Flaherty: See?
Ricky Stebbins: fault.
Brandon Bruning: but I don't know. I told her when he gave it to me, then she said yeah. But she never did. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, this is a serious problem and she should not have control of your medical information and then not give it to you.
Brandon Bruning: Something
Ricky Stebbins: No one should be calling someone else, telling them something about you and then they pass on a vague message, hey, you're pre-diabetic, you need to start eating healthy,
 
 
00:02:45
 
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: you know.
Dallas Flaherty: Yo, hang on. Say hello.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Dallas Flaherty: Hi.
Ricky Stebbins: Hello
Brandon Bruning: They told me to call told me to call the doctors and say get my medical information, but they already know I'm a pre-diabetic. And they tell me that, "Oh, your numbers are high." I mean,
Ricky Stebbins: What number?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to know exactly what number. Tell me what number.
Brandon Bruning: But how how high is my what?
Ricky Stebbins: How high is it?
Brandon Bruning: Homogloblin, right? I said that's what Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: The hemoglobin.
Dallas Flaherty: A1C
Ricky Stebbins: Mhm.
Brandon Bruning: Ham hemoglobin. That's what I want.
Dallas Flaherty: A1C Brandon
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, that one. I want to see what number that is, but I didn't I haven't seen it yet. The last time it was 5.7 last time I last my last test was 5.7. That's the normal range. If it go 0.1.
Dallas Flaherty: That's not that bad. My mother said it's not that
 
 
00:03:42
 
Brandon Bruning: If it if it goes 0.1,
Dallas Flaherty: bad.
Brandon Bruning: that's a pre-diabetic. And I am pre-diabetic now because my number went up.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. We don't know what your original numbers were.
Brandon Bruning: We don't know what your original numbers
Ricky Stebbins: We don't even know. Were you dehydrated when you went to the doctors?
Brandon Bruning: were.
Ricky Stebbins: Have you been eating healthy lately? No, I'm not. You were out partying all weekend having fun. Nobody makes any sense. We can't blame you and say, "Hey, you know what?
Brandon Bruning: We can't
Ricky Stebbins: Your blood work's off." When we don't even know why your blood work is off.
Brandon Bruning: even
Ricky Stebbins: Like, yeah, sure, you might have trouble processing sugar, but if you just had a ton of sugar,
Brandon Bruning: sure
Ricky Stebbins: then that would explain it. What are your levels when you've eaten healthy for a couple days? Do we have a baseline to work from? No,
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: you don't.
 
 
00:04:33
 
Ricky Stebbins: You don't know because nobody helps you. Nobody helps you keep track of your diet. Could you tell me what you had for the last five days in a row for food?
Brandon Bruning: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not and that's not your responsibility because somebody should be helping keep track of what you eat just to help monitor it and make it fun. Hey, we're going to keep track of this so you know we can see how much weight you lose. you know how much better you're getting at the gym, too. Not just losing weight, but you know, you're getting faster. Make it fun.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Make this educational. Like,
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: why do we always have to blame you? Oh, it's Oh, Dallas is doing this and Brandon's doing that. Why can't we just help you get past whatever is going on if we have a problem with
Brandon Bruning: What's going on?
Ricky Stebbins: it?
Brandon Bruning: Right. So this is the AI listen to us right now.
 
 
00:05:26
 
Dallas Flaherty: Hey Ricky,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: my nose still bleeding? I'm sorry to cut you off,
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Dallas Flaherty: but my nose still
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Dallas Flaherty: bleeding
Ricky Stebbins: you got a little shadowing on your face. Why is your nose
Dallas Flaherty: cuz I had a scab or whatever.
Ricky Stebbins: bleeding?
Dallas Flaherty: I don't know. I scratched myself one night and f***
Ricky Stebbins: Chicken your nose.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Dallas Flaherty: you.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, you guys. Sometimes we got to pick our noses, right?
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, just like remember that second.
Ricky Stebbins: Got a boogie. Got a boogie on my finger and I can't shake it
Dallas Flaherty: You remember that episode? You know that episode he saw this chicken in in a taxi cab and he was like itching
Ricky Stebbins: off.
Dallas Flaherty: his nose,
Brandon Bruning: and
Dallas Flaherty: but from the angle that she was in the car, it looked like he was actually penetrating his nostril.
Ricky Stebbins: Gigging all up there.
Dallas Flaherty: This thought that he was picking his
 
 
00:06:21
 
Ricky Stebbins: That's too funny.
Dallas Flaherty: nose.
Brandon Bruning: Mhm. Hm.
Dallas Flaherty: Damn, Brandon, you all right? s***.
Ricky Stebbins: It's hacking up a lung.
Dallas Flaherty: The key remains in your lung.
Brandon Bruning: the
Dallas Flaherty: That's another saw trap,
Brandon Bruning: fog.
Dallas Flaherty: dude. You got to dig it out of your lung in order to unlock the trap that you're in. Or the trap will get your lungs out of your chest.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: All that coughing.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know what the hell that
Dallas Flaherty: He's getting paranoid looking out windows and
Brandon Bruning: is.
Ricky Stebbins: I know. He's stressed. I'd be stressed, too, if somebody called me up and told me,
Dallas Flaherty: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh, your numbers are off. What are we going to do about it?" I don't know. What are we supposed to do about it?
Brandon Bruning: I don't
Ricky Stebbins: Isn't that
Dallas Flaherty: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: know.
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon,
Ricky Stebbins: crazy?
Dallas Flaherty: me and Ricky were just talking about um the town of Stoton.
 
 
00:07:30
 
Dallas Flaherty: They're going to the politicians, they're trying to get the town of Stoton not to sell cigarettes anymore. And we're going to go up to the town hall tonight around 6:00 and have a meeting about it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, the rally.
Dallas Flaherty: No, it's not a rally. It's a f****** meeting at the town hall.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: He needs to quit smoking.
Brandon Bruning: meeting.
Ricky Stebbins: Smoking is bad for
Brandon Bruning: So,
Ricky Stebbins: him.
Brandon Bruning: meeting about the smoking man or something.
Dallas Flaherty: to not want to sell cigarettes about them not wanting to sell cigarettes in the uh town of Stoton.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, wow. I didn't know that.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. So, we got to go to that tonight. That's at 6 o'clock.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Dallas Flaherty: Right.
Brandon Bruning: I bet they'd be all over the place, right? Just sto.
Ricky Stebbins: This is funny. And this is how they control us.
Dallas Flaherty: There's other there's other there's other Ricky.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: We're slaves.
Dallas Flaherty: There's other towns that are going through the same thing with the
 
 
00:08:34
 
Ricky Stebbins: This is just to f***
Dallas Flaherty: cigarette.
Ricky Stebbins: with you.
Brandon Bruning: Not weed. How about weed?
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to say honestly They're they make this stuff legal and then they're
Brandon Bruning: How about pot?
Ricky Stebbins: going to try to f***
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: with you so they can control it. Oh, we we had cigarettes for years and now we're going to stop selling them and make it hard for you to get cigarettes. But we're going to take away all of the other options for you to do. We're not going to have any bars for you to go play pool at or darts. You know,
Brandon Bruning: and smoke
Ricky Stebbins: all the parks are going to be closed down. So,
Brandon Bruning: cigarettes.
Ricky Stebbins: you're going to have nothing to do but be stressed out all the time. We're going to take away anything that helps you relax.
Brandon Bruning: I don't smoke cigarettes, so I really don't even care.
Ricky Stebbins: Why' you smoke weed when you're bored?
Brandon Bruning: I like weed.
 
 
00:09:18
 
Brandon Bruning: Do they have a problem with weed?
Ricky Stebbins: So imagine if they took that away cuz you're just And then they leave you sitting alone in your room all
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: day.
Brandon Bruning: that'd be I'll be pissed. I'll go I'll go punch a cop right in the face.
Ricky Stebbins: That's what they want.
Brandon Bruning: I would.
Ricky Stebbins: They want us to get upset.
Brandon Bruning: Oops.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm done.
Brandon Bruning: We're think we're all lied. I think the cops going to see this.
Ricky Stebbins: f*** the cop. These lazy bastards.
Brandon Bruning: Hey.
Ricky Stebbins: This is the greatest thing about everything we're doing because I made everything in my project
Brandon Bruning: Hey cops. Hey cops. f***
Dallas Flaherty: Hey,
Brandon Bruning: you.
Dallas Flaherty: what about what about my parenthesis and bought
Brandon Bruning: You scumbag piece of s***.
Ricky Stebbins: public.
Brandon Bruning: Hey cops. Just scumbag. Piece of s***.
Ricky Stebbins: And this is how this works,
Dallas Flaherty: again?
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas.
Brandon Bruning: Lazy
Ricky Stebbins: This is how sinning works.
 
 
00:09:53
 
Brandon Bruning: jobs.
Ricky Stebbins: Once someone makes you aware of a problem and then you ignore it,
Brandon Bruning: And the government sucks too.
Ricky Stebbins: you are the problem.
Brandon Bruning: And the government sucks. They don't do anything for
Ricky Stebbins: That's because members of our government are profiting off of our suffering.
Brandon Bruning: us.
Ricky Stebbins: So, they don't want to help us. And we're going to prove
Brandon Bruning: The government, this is what happened. The government the government will give my money to uh a f******
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Brandon Bruning: retard represent pay for rent and say hey Brandon we don't you don't pay rent you live here you live there for free so it's no matter it's no matter how much money you have anyways or not you know it's it's still free you know like what the f*** like get out of here like where is my money
Ricky Stebbins: f*** them. I don't want to live with this stupid c***. f*** her. I don't want to live with her. If I lived with her, I guarantee I would fight her within the first week and she would be in the hospital.
 
 
00:10:44
 
Ricky Stebbins: Done. She talked to me the way she talks to you and I would f****** throat chop her. End of discussion. These people have no f****** clue how f****** far they've pushed me. And now I'm going to show them. And I'm never going to talk behind closed doors ever again. Everything I have to say is public in front of everyone. f*** everybody that wants to lie to me and f*** around and act stupid. The system is going to pay and you guys are going to profit. You guys are going to see what it's like when people are held accountable for their s***** f****** actions.
Brandon Bruning: Well, I'm not I'm not going to do anything wrong with um my
Ricky Stebbins: You've never done anything wrong.
Brandon Bruning: candle.
Ricky Stebbins: You've been minding your own business. You're a nice guy. And that's the problem. They take advantage of you.
Dallas Flaherty: I
Brandon Bruning: What?
Ricky Stebbins: They take advantage of your kindness and your generosity. And they know that you're easy to manipulate.
 
 
00:11:31
 
Dallas Flaherty: too.
Brandon Bruning: Hi, you're so nice.
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I don't They call you you're
Brandon Bruning: Hi. So, you're so nice.
Ricky Stebbins: gullible and they know you're nice
Brandon Bruning: Can you help me out? You're so gullible. Hey, can you help me take the train? Yeah. I'm like,
Ricky Stebbins: and they know they can talk you into stuff.
Brandon Bruning: hey,
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Brandon Bruning: hey. I'm like, hey, f*** you.
Ricky Stebbins: why don't we talk you into positive?
Brandon Bruning: Hey, f*** you. I ain't nice anymore,
Ricky Stebbins: Stay nice. Don't be mean, but let them know like,
Brandon Bruning: b****.
Ricky Stebbins: "I don't think what you're doing is funny, and what you're doing to me is wrong, and I don't appreciate
Dallas Flaherty: Yo, got beat, right?
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, Dallas. Dallas used to get bullied all the time when he was in school and they probably treat him like and they
Dallas Flaherty: I got bullied every day in school.
Brandon Bruning: they right
 
 
00:12:16
 
Dallas Flaherty: What are you talking about?
Ricky Stebbins: And it's disgusting.
Dallas Flaherty: No, but throughout my whole school career,
Brandon Bruning: now.
Dallas Flaherty: I got bullied every single day.
Ricky Stebbins: And now you sit home alone, which is I don't even know what's is worse. I think I'd rather people at least talking s***
Brandon Bruning: Oh, every they get bullied every
Ricky Stebbins: to me than ignoring me.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: day.
Dallas Flaherty: Physically, mentally, f****** all the above,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what's
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Dallas Flaherty: emotionally.
Brandon Bruning: you're lucky I wasn't even in school,
Ricky Stebbins: worse.
Brandon Bruning: but I'll punch those kids out.
Dallas Flaherty: I wish I met you back then, but you weren't around then till about 2008,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: 2009.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yeah. I would have punched all the kids out
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, you would have. But you and I,
Brandon Bruning: here.
Dallas Flaherty: we have no beef, so we good, right?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, we're good.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man, this is so awesome. So, I got Gemini got access to all of my files on both of you guys and it
 
 
00:13:03
 
Dallas Flaherty: Damn.
Ricky Stebbins: understands all of our problems and could help explain it to other people because I've got so
Brandon Bruning: explain it to other people so much
Ricky Stebbins: much information on us all.
Brandon Bruning: information. What?
Dallas Flaherty: Just I just Ricky,
Brandon Bruning: Move out of here.
Dallas Flaherty: I just hope I can trust you and everything.
Brandon Bruning: Why you think I should
Dallas Flaherty: We're already No,
Brandon Bruning: move?
Dallas Flaherty: I was talking to Ricky. Well, he But I've been trying
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: I would move. I want to move somewhere where I can hang around people,
Dallas Flaherty: to
Ricky Stebbins: be closer to my friends.
Dallas Flaherty: tell Ricky that he should move,
Brandon Bruning: No.
Dallas Flaherty: but he doesn't. He just stays there.
Ricky Stebbins: But it's not his choice. How is he going to move? Who's going to help him move?
Dallas Flaherty: his choice, but it should be his
Brandon Bruning: Can't
Ricky Stebbins: The funny thing is I am going to totally f***
Dallas Flaherty: choice.
 
 
00:14:06
 
Brandon Bruning: move.
Ricky Stebbins: the system. I'm going to f*** them so hard that nobody even understands how bad I'm going to f*** the system.
Brandon Bruning: I rather stay here,
Ricky Stebbins: All I do is sit around all day long and talk to you
Brandon Bruning: you know.
Dallas Flaherty: He just said it himself.
Ricky Stebbins: guys.
Dallas Flaherty: He'd rather stay there, Ricky.
Ricky Stebbins: Because he has no other options.
Brandon Bruning: Right. I don't know where they
Ricky Stebbins: Why don't I have a facility?
Brandon Bruning: all
Ricky Stebbins: Why won't this the state help me run a facility to help disabled people? Ooh, cuz they know I'm going to expose every f***** up thing the state is doing. Cuz I don't care about the f****** state. I care about people. And this is how we're going to rock the f****** system. Our system is supposed to be about the people, for the people, blah blah blah people.
Brandon Bruning: people match is about for the people and then they don't do
Ricky Stebbins: But nobody gives a f*** about the people.
 
 
00:14:53
 
Brandon Bruning: that.
Ricky Stebbins: These corporations don't give a f*** about the people and s*** all over us.
Brandon Bruning: They don't give a f***
Ricky Stebbins: And now it's time to prove it.
Brandon Bruning: about me.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't give a f***
Brandon Bruning: They don't care about me.
Ricky Stebbins: about you and they have nothing to offer us.
Brandon Bruning: What? My DDS. What? How about my DDS and non talk?
Ricky Stebbins: They don't give a f*** about you.
Brandon Bruning: Do they care about me?
Ricky Stebbins: No. And we're going to prove it.
Brandon Bruning: How do you know?
Ricky Stebbins: Why aren't they helping you?
Brandon Bruning: How do you know they don't care? How do you Hey,
Ricky Stebbins: Who's helped explain any of your problems?
Brandon Bruning: how do you know?
Ricky Stebbins: Cuz I called them.
Brandon Bruning: You
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yeah, I've called DDS.
Brandon Bruning: did.
Ricky Stebbins: You know who doesn't call anybody back? DDS. They never call back.
Brandon Bruning: Then it called you back.
Ricky Stebbins: And DPPC never contacted me either after all my complaints I filed.
 
 
00:15:33
 
Ricky Stebbins: And you're not the first guys I filed complaints with them against. Other disabled people have been abused and neglected. And the DPPC ignores their complaints as well. The DPPC helps cover up abuse. They're part of the problem. They're not part of the solution. And we're going to prove it.
Dallas Flaherty: What was it?
Ricky Stebbins: All the lawyers that work with them are scum.
Brandon Bruning: I think I'm wearing it out.
Ricky Stebbins: They're f******
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky, what was it?
Ricky Stebbins: trash.
Dallas Flaherty: What
Ricky Stebbins: The disabled person's protection commission is f******
Dallas Flaherty: was
Ricky Stebbins: trash. And we're going to prove these f******
Dallas Flaherty: I think somewhere?
Ricky Stebbins: losers are going to f****** burn in hell.
Brandon Bruning: That f******
Ricky Stebbins: They're whoever runs these companies are going to f****** prison. And the same thing with our elected officials that understand everything that's going on.
Brandon Bruning: trash.
Ricky Stebbins: They're not f****** stupid. I wouldn't have been able to figure this stuff out if it wasn't already all out there for me to piece together.
 
 
00:16:23
 
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I wouldn't have met you guys if the system wasn't f******
Brandon Bruning: I wouldn't bet
Ricky Stebbins: with all of
Dallas Flaherty: Well, Ricky,
Ricky Stebbins: us.
Dallas Flaherty: I wouldn't have met you if I hadn't gone to the hospital that time. But you could tell you Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I wouldn't have met you if they weren't trying to cover up crimes and sent me to the
Brandon Bruning: you.
Dallas Flaherty: but Ricky,
Ricky Stebbins: hospital.
Dallas Flaherty: you can understand how scared I was when we was in there, right? You saw how scared I was.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: cuz I didn't know
Ricky Stebbins: And you're scared now. You're you're scared all the time for the same
Dallas Flaherty: what and I'm scared
Ricky Stebbins: reason.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: No, but you might be scared for the same reason.
Dallas Flaherty: of
Ricky Stebbins: You are scared for the same reason,
Brandon Bruning: man.
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon, but it it affects you differently. You Yours appears as anxiety. You're scared about this this pre-diabetic stuff.
 
 
00:17:08
 
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas is scared about not knowing what's going on because nobody's giving him any information.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm not
Brandon Bruning: Baby.
Dallas Flaherty: someday. That's what scares me the
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, if people just talked with you and helped you understand a situation,
Dallas Flaherty: most.
Brandon Bruning: Man,
Ricky Stebbins: even if it was a bad situation, you'd be able to handle it better because they're talking to you like an adult.
Brandon Bruning: people
Ricky Stebbins: All right, this is a bad situation. We have to deal with it this way, but it's not your fault. We got to get away from blaming you guys.
Brandon Bruning: man people suck. People blame on me because, hey, you're eating pizza. Hey, you're having pasta. Hey, you're having bread. Oh, eat. Hey, eat that fried chicken in that word. It's all breaded. Food in it. Oh yeah. Oh, eat that. Eat the uh soup. You know, chicken noodle soup.
Ricky Stebbins: I've got the picture.
Brandon Bruning: High sodium in it.
 
 
00:18:01
 
Ricky Stebbins: Your care provider gave you crap about having pre-diabetes and then bought you something at Burger
Brandon Bruning: Clam.
Ricky Stebbins: King.
Brandon Bruning: Clam chowder.
Dallas Flaherty: No, I bought them.
Brandon Bruning: Clam shout.
Dallas Flaherty: My mother
Brandon Bruning: Clam shout is not clam shout is not clam shout is not
Ricky Stebbins: Are you guys yesterday?
Dallas Flaherty: did.
Brandon Bruning: good.
Ricky Stebbins: No, yesterday somebody bought them Burger King. Who bought you those chicken sandwiches yesterday, Brandon?
Brandon Bruning: my
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Dallas Flaherty: Cuz
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I'm not talking about you, Dallas.
Brandon Bruning: caveat.
Ricky Stebbins: No, I'm talking about the yesterday. But yeah, that you know there's nothing wrong with having Burger King now and then. I'm not going to tell you don't have it,
Dallas Flaherty: we both had chicken sandwich the other day.
Ricky Stebbins: but not all the
Dallas Flaherty: My mother bought us each other chicken
Brandon Bruning: I I didn't I Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: time.
Brandon Bruning: yeah. I shouldn't ate the bread.
Dallas Flaherty: sandwich.
Brandon Bruning: I should ate the um the meat, but I should without the
 
 
00:18:44
 
Ricky Stebbins: What are you going to do?
Brandon Bruning: bread.
Ricky Stebbins: Don't be hard on yourself. That's not your fault. And if you're hungry, what are you going to do? Not eat it? You're starving? You're bored?
Brandon Bruning: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody's talking to you and explaining anything to you?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. I eat it once. I had it once, but I don't want to eat it every day. You could probably eat bread at least once a week. Just one day a week. That's it. Maybe that'll be all right.
Ricky Stebbins: You know what your problem is? If you were exercising every day,
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: this wouldn't be so bad. People don't take you for walks.
Brandon Bruning: Exercise.
Ricky Stebbins: Why aren't you going for like a walk with somebody talking? You know, every day you should go for walks.
Brandon Bruning: It's f****** raining out. I can't walk.
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: I'm not walking in
 
 
00:19:23
 
Ricky Stebbins: not in the rain, obviously.
Brandon Bruning: this.
Ricky Stebbins: You could get a raincoat. I love walking in the rain. If it's warm out, I will definitely walk in the rain.
Dallas Flaherty: Hell, I might go for a short walk myself,
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: you
Ricky Stebbins: It's beautiful out. It's so calm and peaceful.
Dallas Flaherty: know.
Ricky Stebbins: It's just
Brandon Bruning: Walk around like we did before,
Ricky Stebbins: different.
Brandon Bruning: you know.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: Do it like Do it twice.
Dallas Flaherty: neighborhood.
Brandon Bruning: Run.
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly.
Brandon Bruning: Do it.
Ricky Stebbins: When you But you have friends.
Brandon Bruning: Walk.
Ricky Stebbins: When you're with Dallas,
Brandon Bruning: You're doing it.
Ricky Stebbins: it's nice because you can
Brandon Bruning: Walk around.
Ricky Stebbins: talk.
Brandon Bruning: walk around that block twice today. Instead of once, just do it twice. Try it twice. And then when you keep doing that,
Dallas Flaherty: Next weekend.
Brandon Bruning: you'll get better at it. Then you go three and then you go four.
 
 
00:19:58
 
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon, next weekend when you come over, you got two days off.
Brandon Bruning: What?
Dallas Flaherty: You'll stay two days. I mean, in two nights. So, we'll go out walking both times. Sound like
Ricky Stebbins: We got to get you guys fishing licenses and poles and find some local areas so you guys go fishing and hang out. When's the last time you guys went fishing?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, it's been years to me,
Ricky Stebbins: Man,
Dallas Flaherty: bro.
Ricky Stebbins: I got to get a car. It's just everything's so fake expensive. And even gas is getting fake expensive
Brandon Bruning: I played I played pool I played I played pool I
Dallas Flaherty: It's like 27 miles a gallon in some
Ricky Stebbins: again.
Dallas Flaherty: places years
Brandon Bruning: played pool table with him like what 13 years like 13 years
Dallas Flaherty: ago. Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: ago.
Ricky Stebbins: What? You guys haven't played pool in over a decade?
Brandon Bruning: Oh that was like when yeah when like when my in
 
 
00:20:46
 
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: my 20s
Ricky Stebbins: That's how f***** up our world is. Our society is so f****** disgusting. It makes me sick. You guys love to do simple things and our society is so f*****
Dallas Flaherty: I love playing pool.
Ricky Stebbins: up that you can't do it.
Dallas Flaherty: I love playing pool. My father taught me how to play before he got
Ricky Stebbins: I love playing darts, too.
Dallas Flaherty: school.
Ricky Stebbins: Like you play pool and darts. You got both going on at the same time.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I used to play I used to play do with my uncle Steve all the time.
Dallas Flaherty: We played ping pong.
Brandon Bruning: He used to they used to have pool they used to have pool table.
Dallas Flaherty: Uh,
Brandon Bruning: My uncle had a pool table.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon
Brandon Bruning: I used to go down there play pool table by myself all the time just to shoot pool because I'm so bored.
Ricky Stebbins: Awesome.
Brandon Bruning: When I'm so bored I go down the uh the bar seller play pool.
 
 
00:21:31
 
Brandon Bruning: Pretty cool. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That is
Brandon Bruning: I just go down there all the time. But I don't touch the alcohol. I didn't do that because um he'd be pissed if I touch the alcohol cuz he paid for it,
Ricky Stebbins: Well, even that,
Brandon Bruning: you know.
Ricky Stebbins: who cares if you're pissed? I mean, if you're too young to drink it or you don't want it, that's fine. But people should share like you have something.
Brandon Bruning: I was I was I wasn't even I wasn't even 21.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, then don't drink
Brandon Bruning: I was like 18. I was like 18.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, he I did I I did sneak a little bit. And he got mad. He knows he got mad about it. He's like he goes and then he goes,
Dallas Flaherty: You know
Brandon Bruning: "You should not drink, Brandon.
Dallas Flaherty: me.
Brandon Bruning: You're only 18 years old. That's illegal. You shouldn't drink." You know,
Ricky Stebbins: You know, the problem is nobody cares about this stupid illegal stuff.
 
 
00:22:12
 
Brandon Bruning: like
Ricky Stebbins: Kids should be taught to drink responsibly. End of discussion.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, true.
Ricky Stebbins: Not you can't do it till you're 21 and now you can do it all you want with no responsibility
Brandon Bruning: True.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, because Ricky,
Ricky Stebbins: whatsoever.
Dallas Flaherty: let let me tell you
Brandon Bruning: Because no, the only only reason why because nobody ever taught me how to drink responsibility.
Dallas Flaherty: something,
Brandon Bruning: I just keep drinking and drinking and drinking. That's the problem. And nobody ever taught me.
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky.
Brandon Bruning: And now they tell me to stop and don't drink it ever again because I got one kidney. So, I shouldn't drink in the first place. That's what they said. You should have drink in the first place. You got one kid, do you?
Ricky Stebbins: So, why weren't they standing by you supporting you?
Dallas Flaherty: freaking I was going to
Ricky Stebbins: Go ahead, Ren.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Right.
Dallas Flaherty: add on to it that in some states the legal age apparently is 18 for drinking.
 
 
00:23:02
 
Dallas Flaherty: So if I was 18 still,
Brandon Bruning: Where?
Dallas Flaherty: I'd go down to a bar somewhere and if
Ricky Stebbins: It used to be 18 and other countries are have lower drinking ages.
Dallas Flaherty: It used to be in Massachusetts.
Brandon Bruning: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: My mother just
Ricky Stebbins: No kids and nobody should be getting trashed.
Dallas Flaherty: said
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody ever feels good when they're trashed. They never wake up feeling fantastic after
Brandon Bruning: When I when I when I went to the Huba for vacation with my family,
Ricky Stebbins: drinking.
Brandon Bruning: it was like they they can drink when you're 18 years old down there. 18 years old. Yeah. I'm like that's that's pretty young.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Damn.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not the same cuz they're not drinking to get drunk. They're just drinking because it's
Brandon Bruning: But you can't But but weed is illegal down there.
Ricky Stebbins: social.
Brandon Bruning: There's no there's no marijuana uh stores down there. It's illegal. If you smoke down there, if you get caught, if the cops see you smoking or smelling on you or get caught by it, you go to jail.
 
 
00:23:54
 
Brandon Bruning: Even if they smell it on you, you can go to jail if they're smoking it. And yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Interesting.
Brandon Bruning: it's an island. It's an island. Probably wonder why it's illegal. It's an island. No,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: I I kind of a little kind of understand.
Ricky Stebbins: they got their rules.
Brandon Bruning: I did drop weed down there. It was illegal, but I bought it from some some random guy on the street. $8 for $8 for a gram. And I brought it and I got so scared the cops came by. I was like, "Oh s***." I just ran. So I just walked the other way like pretending. I just look down and I just keep on walking with my bag in my pocket and then a bear
Ricky Stebbins: It's so funny. It's everywhere.
Brandon Bruning: a bear in my hand.
Ricky Stebbins: These countries are liars.
Brandon Bruning: I just I never got I never got caught.
Ricky Stebbins: It's all part of their societies.
 
 
00:24:40
 
Brandon Bruning: I was lucky.
Ricky Stebbins: They all make their side money selling illegal drugs. If it was legal, then they wouldn't profit off of it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: That's the only reason they only reason this stuff is illegal is so they can profit off of it.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. So, it's like I don't mean to bring hardcore drugs into it, but it's like with cocaine. If they legalize cocaine for medical use or heroin for that
Brandon Bruning: Oh f***. Oh f***.
Dallas Flaherty: matter.
Brandon Bruning: Oh hell
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: no.
Ricky Stebbins: cocaine is a leaf like tea.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. But what about hole?
Brandon Bruning: Oh hell no.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know how that's made or what that comes from.
Dallas Flaherty: A poppy
Brandon Bruning: Oh hell no. Oh hell
Dallas Flaherty: scene.
Brandon Bruning: no.
Ricky Stebbins: But the poppy seed itself is not super destructive to you. But it's like with cocoa leaves, people like make tea and chew them. I'm pretty sure like a tea leaf.
 
 
00:25:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: But if you have a thousand of them, yeah, it's going to make you sick. Then when they they take cocaine and,
Brandon Bruning: Yum.
Ricky Stebbins: you know,
Dallas Flaherty: And they mix it with and all that other s***,
Ricky Stebbins: do their thing.
Dallas Flaherty: you
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Dallas Flaherty: know.
Ricky Stebbins: I have no idea. I don't want to try
Brandon Bruning: No, me either.
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Brandon Bruning: I don't want to try that.
Dallas Flaherty: Narcos before Pablo
Brandon Bruning: What?
Dallas Flaherty: Escobar.
Brandon Bruning: They could they could put um they could put like benthanol in it and s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Crazy.
Brandon Bruning: You got to be careful. f*** that. Or even street weed. If you get weed from the street,
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: could be bentanol in it. Could be on benthanol. We got a 19-year-old kid. I forget what is it? Ohio or something. Some guy some kid from another state died from he was 19 years old smoking weed vape had ventanol in it and he died from it.
 
 
00:26:22
 
Brandon Bruning: That's f***** up.
Ricky Stebbins: That's
Dallas Flaherty: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: scary.
Brandon Bruning: It is fentanyl in a weed babe can die from it just smoking
Dallas Flaherty: That's why you got those vape.
Brandon Bruning: it.
Dallas Flaherty: That's why I don't smoke them anymore. And plus, they give me anxiety anyway, the vape.
Ricky Stebbins: I wonder if it's the sativa or the indica like if it matters. One of those is what's causing
Dallas Flaherty: No, the indacica I I'm good with,
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Dallas Flaherty: but if it's a a sativa or a certain hybrid that gives me anxiety, I can't smoke it.
Brandon Bruning: Even a
Dallas Flaherty: Well, sometimes the hybrid gives me a little anxiety,
Brandon Bruning: hybrid
Dallas Flaherty: but I I'm more of a indacica type guy because it doesn't give me anxiety. Make me just chill out, mellowed out, you know.
Brandon Bruning: indig. Yeah, just vote in the
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, that's what I got right now. I got some
Brandon Bruning: government.
Dallas Flaherty: indica.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. Is that what you use to make the brownies?
 
 
00:27:21
 
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Wonder why I was passing. I'm
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, tell Ricky how f*****
Brandon Bruning: like,
Dallas Flaherty: up you got off the batch of bannies on there.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice and comfortable,
Dallas Flaherty: You got f*****
Brandon Bruning: yeah,
Dallas Flaherty: up. He was passing out watching
Brandon Bruning: it was pretty.
Ricky Stebbins: huh?
Dallas Flaherty: TV.
Brandon Bruning: I was watching TV and I keep passing on. I'm like, "Oh s***, I'm high."
Dallas Flaherty: Well, you were passing out when we were playing video
Brandon Bruning: I
Dallas Flaherty: games.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***,
Ricky Stebbins: That's too funny.
Brandon Bruning: I don't I didn't I didn't remember
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, you were passed out while we're playing games.
Brandon Bruning: that.
Dallas Flaherty: You kept nodding off like a f****** heroin addict. You're
Ricky Stebbins: My heroin act
Dallas Flaherty: like,
Brandon Bruning: Add it.
Ricky Stebbins: just wake back
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Brandon Bruning: What the f***? That's scary.
Dallas Flaherty: you don't listen.
Brandon Bruning: Like this be like I heard you said I heard you said
 
 
00:28:16
 
Dallas Flaherty: I've asked him time and again
Brandon Bruning: junking.
Dallas Flaherty: what
Brandon Bruning: Junking
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, you got to get us some pretty funny photos.
Brandon Bruning: that.
Ricky Stebbins: You should have took some pictures of him, Dallas. Next time he's all passed out, just dead.
Dallas Flaherty: I gave shot too. I gave him a ball
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody wants that when they're high.
Dallas Flaherty: that
Ricky Stebbins: That's terrible.
Brandon Bruning: I and I blocked it too,
Ricky Stebbins: At least you blocked it.
Brandon Bruning: Mitch.
Ricky Stebbins: That's uh got to start wearing a
Dallas Flaherty: I
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: cup.
Brandon Bruning: My god. I was thinking about punch him in his throat, but I didn't. That might have hurt. That would hurt. Get punched in the throat.
Ricky Stebbins: That would hurt. Oh my gosh, that's terrible. Such violence.
Dallas Flaherty: Why?
Brandon Bruning: Is that f*****
Ricky Stebbins: You guys got to get some boxing gloves.
Brandon Bruning: up?
Ricky Stebbins: You got to get in the ring.
Dallas Flaherty: Drago.
 
 
00:29:11
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh, hell no.
Ricky Stebbins: I know.
Dallas Flaherty: Drago.
Brandon Bruning: I getting knocked out.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't want to go. All right, just fight. You can only fight women then.
Brandon Bruning: I fight
Ricky Stebbins: You guys only fight women.
Dallas Flaherty: No,
Ricky Stebbins: Don't fight
Dallas Flaherty: I'll fight you any place anymore.
Brandon Bruning: you.
Ricky Stebbins: men.
Dallas Flaherty: Just say
Brandon Bruning: Hey, Ricky. Ricky, I'll fight you.
Dallas Flaherty: when
Brandon Bruning: No, I'm just kidding.
Ricky Stebbins: You're going to have to fight
Brandon Bruning: Maybe It's a
Ricky Stebbins: me.
Dallas Flaherty: we should all watch the fights together,
Brandon Bruning: joke.
Dallas Flaherty: the two fights that are coming up.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yeah, that would be cool.
Brandon Bruning: I'll
Dallas Flaherty: Mayweather versus Mayweather versus Pacquiao.
Brandon Bruning: fight. Who should I fight? Should Should I fight whoever's in that ring? You know
Ricky Stebbins: fight older women.
Dallas Flaherty: Edison Edison
Brandon Bruning: the
Ricky Stebbins: You're going to fight and they have to have an AARP card before they sign the the waiver to get in the ring.
 
 
00:29:59
 
Dallas Flaherty: Medicare card
Ricky Stebbins: Medicare card. Uh,
Dallas Flaherty: and waf is a sign.
Brandon Bruning: If I I'm not fighting
Ricky Stebbins: people would be so mad.
Brandon Bruning: nobody.
Ricky Stebbins: It would be terrible. Uh,
Brandon Bruning: I think I know Edson for 10 years. I think that's a long time.
Ricky Stebbins: nice.
Dallas Flaherty: Edson's a piece of s***.
Ricky Stebbins: What? No.
Dallas Flaherty: Anyways, he's a f****** dirt bag. He talks s*** about me all the time. He's a dirt bag.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, you said you're fat and you smell. I mean, maybe he said,
Dallas Flaherty: f*****.
Ricky Stebbins: "You're a f*****. You like guys with drooy
Dallas Flaherty: Oh.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, look at that.
Ricky Stebbins: wigs.
Brandon Bruning: Oh my god. What the f***? Just you sick
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't look pretty.
Brandon Bruning: bastard.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought I was pretty."
Dallas Flaherty: No, you're deadly.
Ricky Stebbins: A
Brandon Bruning: You sick bastard. You're all I know. You're gonna be embarrassed.
 
 
00:30:57
 
Dallas Flaherty: He likes he likes
Brandon Bruning: That's embarrassing. Oh my god.
Ricky Stebbins: Got
Dallas Flaherty: you.
Brandon Bruning: He's a gay f*****. Look at that.
Ricky Stebbins: my little flower.
Dallas Flaherty: The f***
Ricky Stebbins: Got to hide
Brandon Bruning: s***. You're f*****
Dallas Flaherty: He's coming for you.
Brandon Bruning: up.
Dallas Flaherty: He's coming for you.
Ricky Stebbins: here.
Brandon Bruning: You're f*****.
Dallas Flaherty: Amanda, hug your kid. Now he looks like the the sex offender that I had as a roommate.
Brandon Bruning: Oh my god.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: You look like a You look like a sex pretender
Dallas Flaherty: s***.
Brandon Bruning: retard. Oh yeah, you definitely look like a f******
Dallas Flaherty: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: I look like a fruit cake.
Brandon Bruning: pedophile.
Dallas Flaherty: You look like a professor, artist.
Ricky Stebbins: All
Dallas Flaherty: Paint the f******
Ricky Stebbins: right.
Dallas Flaherty: pirate.
Ricky Stebbins: Looks like my teeth are all messed up, too. I thought pirates brush their teeth. Can I be a maybe be a
Brandon Bruning: No.
 
 
00:31:54
 
Dallas Flaherty: No.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, the wizard.
Ricky Stebbins: wizard?
Brandon Bruning: Gay wizard.
Ricky Stebbins: Do I have a wand? Nah, just my fist doesn't give you a wand. Yeah, this is too funny. Ah, I could be a detective, private investigator, a
Dallas Flaherty: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: dick.
Dallas Flaherty: that's that's pretty cool.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, that's
Ricky Stebbins: We can make movies on Google Meet.
Brandon Bruning: investigator.
Ricky Stebbins: We could make a TV show on Google Meet. I mean, what we're doing is basically a TV show
Brandon Bruning: You can How the hell you do a TV
Ricky Stebbins: anyway.
Brandon Bruning: show?
Ricky Stebbins: You just have to plot out how you want it to go. How do you want your show to end? You go on an adventure. You do something and that's the end of it.
Dallas Flaherty: What? My mother said, "You're nuts.
Ricky Stebbins: Nuts with what? You know, the funny thing is people lack imagination. The only reason I've been able to do what I've been able to do because I just did
 
 
00:32:59
 
Brandon Bruning: He is He's nuts,
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Brandon Bruning: isn't he? Is he crazy?
Ricky Stebbins: It's like people trying to save the world. How are you going to save the world if you don't try to save the world?
Dallas Flaherty: and
Ricky Stebbins: If you don't try to make a difference,
Dallas Flaherty: conspiracy.
Brandon Bruning: Make a
Ricky Stebbins: you're never going to make a difference.
Brandon Bruning: difference.
Dallas Flaherty: He's got it.
Ricky Stebbins: It's like with you and Brandon. If I stop helping you right now, is anybody gonna pick up the slack from what I'm doing right
Dallas Flaherty: No,
Ricky Stebbins: now?
Dallas Flaherty: cuz you work constantly around the
Ricky Stebbins: And why don't other people?
Dallas Flaherty: clock.
Brandon Bruning: Probably not.
Ricky Stebbins: What's wrong with other people that they're not doing exactly what I'm doing?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Or are they and we can't get in touch with
Dallas Flaherty: They're brand.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: them?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Dallas Flaherty: They don't have
Brandon Bruning: No idea.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think it's that people don't have time.
 
 
00:33:42
 
Dallas Flaherty: time.
Ricky Stebbins: I think it's that the system makes it hard for us to connect.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, dude, also people don't have time.
Ricky Stebbins: We do have the time.
Brandon Bruning: Damn.
Ricky Stebbins: Like right now,
Brandon Bruning: People don't have people don't have
Ricky Stebbins: what is your mom doing? Nothing.
Dallas Flaherty: Nothing.
Brandon Bruning: time.
Dallas Flaherty: Just
Ricky Stebbins: She's just sitting there.
Dallas Flaherty: nothing.
Ricky Stebbins: So, there's four of us. Four of us doing nothing right now. You, me, Brandon, and your mom doing nothing.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: But what could we do?
Dallas Flaherty: is a time enrolled in a
Ricky Stebbins: Lots of stuff. That's why I'm documenting everything we're doing now.
Dallas Flaherty: drug rather
Ricky Stebbins: I'm talking to you guys about your problems, trying to come up with solutions,
Dallas Flaherty: because
Ricky Stebbins: and then at least just listening to you because I know you guys are upset and worried about stuff. And a lot of your problem is the fact that people don't listen to you in the first
 
 
00:34:29
 
Dallas Flaherty: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: place,
Dallas Flaherty: I'm not worried about the court situation anymore because that went well and I didn't end up in prison.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: but you were worried and nobody explained that to you.
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: And now you're going to be sitting at home waiting for a day program or for work programs
Dallas Flaherty: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: and nobody's helping you.
Brandon Bruning: You went you went to
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't understand how did Brandon
Brandon Bruning: court.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. I just went to court this morning, dude.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Which one? Which court?
Dallas Flaherty: Stolton District Court.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, district court. Oh, damn.
Dallas Flaherty: across the street from the school. It's
Brandon Bruning: I went I went to I went to Quinn I went to the Quinzy one when I was like
Dallas Flaherty: not
Brandon Bruning: maybe 16 years old for a baseball bat charge. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: What did you
Brandon Bruning: I somebody was making fun of my mother because she had
 
 
00:35:18
 
Ricky Stebbins: do?
Brandon Bruning: diabetes and I got mad. I picked up a baseball bat and he started running and he got scared. So I chased him I chased him down I chased him down the street and then he goes to his
Dallas Flaherty: Christine
Brandon Bruning: mom and then uh went he went he went on the side door.
Dallas Flaherty: had no
Brandon Bruning: I pick up rocks and I start throwing at I start throwing at his house. Threw it at the house and the mother Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That'll get you in
Brandon Bruning: The mother called the mother call the cops homie.
Ricky Stebbins: trouble.
Dallas Flaherty: that night.
Brandon Bruning: Her mother called the cops.
Dallas Flaherty: It was an unbelievable
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That's kind of funny.
Brandon Bruning: Whoops.
Dallas Flaherty: thing.
Ricky Stebbins: That's what kids do. That's why we have to teach kids. We don't punish them. We educate
Dallas Flaherty: It's still open,
Ricky Stebbins: them.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Dallas Flaherty: but they don't or
Brandon Bruning: he was he was black, too.
 
 
00:36:07
 
Dallas Flaherty: ite
Ricky Stebbins: All kinds of kids are they like to cause trouble. We're we're all troublemakers now and then.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't blame any one group over the
Brandon Bruning: I'm like, would you say about my mama?
Ricky Stebbins: other.
Brandon Bruning: Pick up a baseball bat. He started running away and I start chasing him with it and then he runs in the house and he runs in the house and hides and then that's it. That's all I
Dallas Flaherty: It's kind of like the Sopranos, Ricky,
Brandon Bruning: remember.
Dallas Flaherty: where Richie Appil was cha chasing Matthew Bevela with a baseball bat down the street saying, "I'm gonna f****** kill you.
Ricky Stebbins: better run faster.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to get caught and hit with a baseball bat.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, I'll f****** help you. I'll f******
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Dallas Flaherty: kill you as he run buttons down the street with a baseball bat chasing Magic Bea and the Smiros. Remember that f****** kill. They threw the bat at
Ricky Stebbins: That was too
 
 
00:37:03
 
Dallas Flaherty: him.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: funny.
Brandon Bruning: Then my uncle then my uncle closed the case because I was on probation. So he must have paid the the fine uh the assault battery charge. He must have paid for that. So if he didn't do that, I can go to jail. I'll be in jail right now if he didn't do that. But he must have paid me get out of that fine.
Ricky Stebbins: You know,
Brandon Bruning: I guess I
Ricky Stebbins: our system loves to f*** with disabled people. I don't know. They do stick disabled people in prison,
Brandon Bruning: forget.
Ricky Stebbins: but it's usually people of color that they usually go
Dallas Flaherty: Well, I actually got off the What?
Ricky Stebbins: after.
Dallas Flaherty: Mom, would you say I got off light? Well, he's very understanding and very, you know,
Brandon Bruning: If you're pre-diabetic, are you supposed to eat bread?
Dallas Flaherty: insurance.
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: no sugar. The bread has a lot of sugar in it.
 
 
00:38:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even think there is sugar-free bread, is there?
Dallas Flaherty: No, not that I know of. No,
Brandon Bruning: How
Dallas Flaherty: because blood
Ricky Stebbins: Like all that starch,
Brandon Bruning: about
Ricky Stebbins: like isn't it break down anyway?
Dallas Flaherty: is
Ricky Stebbins: Like your
Brandon Bruning: pizza?
Ricky Stebbins: body,
Brandon Bruning: Pizza's only what? It's five gram of sugar each each
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. What you told me,
Brandon Bruning: slice.
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon, about the pizza the cow's own.
Ricky Stebbins: they're
Dallas Flaherty: I know.
Brandon Bruning: I forget how there's a lot of them.
Dallas Flaherty: But listen to this.
Ricky Stebbins: delicious.
Brandon Bruning: a lot. How what was it? 60 grams of sugar. No, 60 gram of carbs in the cow
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: zone.
Dallas Flaherty: it was like having four Pepsis or
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. Pizza's worse than
Brandon Bruning: I found I I No,
Dallas Flaherty: something.
Brandon Bruning: I found out the rest I found out the restaurant I get like the large steak and juice
 
 
00:38:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: Pepsi.
Brandon Bruning: count. It's um 240 gram of carbs in in a large cow zone.
Dallas Flaherty: All
Brandon Bruning: I'm like that's disgusting.
Dallas Flaherty: our
Brandon Bruning: And it's like I forget it's like $2,000 2,000 sodium milligrams.
Dallas Flaherty: life insurance.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, it's pretty high.
Brandon Bruning: That's a lot.
Ricky Stebbins: But it sounds delicious now. Like you're making me
Brandon Bruning: That's not Had a lot of Had a lot of salt in it.
Dallas Flaherty: It's easy and all
Ricky Stebbins: hungry.
Brandon Bruning: Has a lot of sugar in it. And it had a lot of carbs in it.
Dallas Flaherty: right,
Brandon Bruning: No good.
Dallas Flaherty: let's go back to Hopeless. Nothing
Brandon Bruning: f*** that. That's a That's for me.
Dallas Flaherty: else.
Brandon Bruning: That's death, isn't it? If I eat that. Is that death if I eat that s***?
Ricky Stebbins: Well, sooner or later it's going to start really affecting you. Right now you're fine, but your body is letting you know that I can't handle all these
 
 
00:39:42
 
Brandon Bruning: No, I'm just kidding. I'll do that. I'm just kidding.
Ricky Stebbins: snacks.
Brandon Bruning: I'm kidding. Don't Don't do I'm f*****
Dallas Flaherty: What am I gonna say? Mom,
Brandon Bruning: up.
Dallas Flaherty: let's get back to that.
Brandon Bruning: f*****
Dallas Flaherty: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Get back to
Brandon Bruning: up.
Ricky Stebbins: what?
Dallas Flaherty: But what business what we're what we got to do, you know?
Ricky Stebbins: Uh, we're doing it now.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: The fact that we're talking and transcribing it is what we're doing. We're doing the work that everyone else is ignoring.
Brandon Bruning: Right. f*** them. If they can listen,
Ricky Stebbins: f*** all of them.
Brandon Bruning: they listen.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: They might listen.
Ricky Stebbins: they're going to be forced to listen.
Brandon Bruning: They'll listen and just ignore pretty
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, they're going to try to ignore us,
Brandon Bruning: much.
Ricky Stebbins: but I'm going to cause such a problem that they're not going to be able to ignore us.
Brandon Bruning: People people people will try to people will try to listen and then it's like ignore I don't know what the hell they're talking about something
 
 
00:40:41
 
Dallas Flaherty: Jordan that you were talking to to when
Brandon Bruning: like I got to go I don't know
Dallas Flaherty: uh
Brandon Bruning: I got to go blow my
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, Brandon in DC.
Brandon Bruning: nose
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not worried about him.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Well, he seemed to be like sort of a jerk off, right?
Ricky Stebbins: He doesn't know what to do and I don't think he has any kind of motivation to save any
Dallas Flaherty: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: anybody.
Dallas Flaherty: you don't but you don't blame the issues,
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Dallas Flaherty: right?
Ricky Stebbins: H isn't that to
Dallas Flaherty: You don't blame him for the issues that we're dealing
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: blame? These people on the phone aren't to blame.
Dallas Flaherty: with.
Ricky Stebbins: He just has a job. Boogers
Dallas Flaherty: Put them in your mouth.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, random.
Dallas Flaherty: f******
Ricky Stebbins: got a booie. got a boogie on his finger and he can't shake it
Dallas Flaherty: break.
Ricky Stebbins: off.
Brandon Bruning: You're a sick bastard. Yo yo,
 
 
00:41:44
 
Ricky Stebbins: What was that? Weird Al got a
Brandon Bruning: I got a I got a I don't want to say nasty s***. Yo,
Ricky Stebbins: boogie.
Brandon Bruning: I got Yo, I got a boogie and I I fling it off my fingers to somebody's mouth and they get sick. b****, that doesn't cost
Dallas Flaherty: your fingers off your f******
Brandon Bruning: me.
Dallas Flaherty: feet, your your
Ricky Stebbins: No boogers for me.
Dallas Flaherty: legs.
Ricky Stebbins: Boogers make
Brandon Bruning: Yo, I got a Yo, I got a burger.
Ricky Stebbins: me.
Brandon Bruning: I place on my thing and I fling it to your mouth and then you're going to get sick like a virus, little b****.
Dallas Flaherty: You know,
Brandon Bruning: Oh, that's a nice nice rap,
Dallas Flaherty: you know Joey Diaz is when he used to be
Brandon Bruning: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't seen Joey Diaz in a while.
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky.
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Dallas Flaherty: He said he used to used to get cocoa boogers and f****** eat them.
Brandon Bruning: It's Is this Is this
Dallas Flaherty: He's like,
 
 
00:42:34
 
Brandon Bruning: s***?
Dallas Flaherty: "Why do you eat boogers?" He's like, "Because I love
Brandon Bruning: Is this s*** This s***'s on YouTube, too, or No,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Dallas Flaherty: them.
Ricky Stebbins: this is going to be on YouTube.
Brandon Bruning: it's already on YouTube.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, not yet. I got to put it online later. Our other video from yesterday is online. I sent it to you on Facebook.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, I don't even know what I talk about. But, you know, I I might I probably forget what I talk about. It's
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I transcribe all this stuff so we don't have to forget anything ever again.
Brandon Bruning: crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: We don't have to worry about anything.
Brandon Bruning: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty: What is
Brandon Bruning: You put everything on. You put everything online,
Dallas Flaherty: it?
Brandon Bruning: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. f*** the world.
Brandon Bruning: f***
Ricky Stebbins: What What do we have to hide?
Brandon Bruning: the world.
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing.
Brandon Bruning: f*** the
Ricky Stebbins: I have nothing to hide.
 
 
00:43:23
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care about anything I say.
Brandon Bruning: world.
Ricky Stebbins: anything I do. I don't do anything to hurt anybody. And all I'm trying to do is help people. And then I keep getting s*** on by the system. You guys try to get help. Nothing ever happens.
Brandon Bruning: I don't have them to grow.
Ricky Stebbins: They're worthless.
Brandon Bruning: They never called me or anything yet.
Ricky Stebbins: Absolutely worthless.
Brandon Bruning: I'm supposed to call I think I'm supposed to call them and for the No,
Ricky Stebbins: Why don't they check up on you?
Brandon Bruning: they're supposed to call me.
Ricky Stebbins: They get paid. Why don't they check up on
Brandon Bruning: But hey,
Dallas Flaherty: Welcome
Brandon Bruning: Brandon, um they should call me. Hey, Brandon.
Ricky Stebbins: you?
Brandon Bruning: Um,
Dallas Flaherty: the
Brandon Bruning: good days on Monday. Uh, TBS, whatever the hell what the f*** it's called. You know,
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky
Brandon Bruning: it's a dis it's a uh it's a disability program that people that can can work and they cannot work.
 
 
00:44:18
 
Brandon Bruning: Some of them cannot work. Some of them, I don't know, not all there, you know.
Dallas Flaherty: that that program
Brandon Bruning: Some of them some of the people there.
Dallas Flaherty: that well Brandon and I were in that
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, they're not all there. the people there.
Dallas Flaherty: program North River Collaborative through the uh high schools that we went to, right?
Brandon Bruning: Oh my Oh my god,
Dallas Flaherty: And come to think of they didn't help us with anything either with getting real
Brandon Bruning: he's
Ricky Stebbins: These people are stupid as f***.
Dallas Flaherty: jobs.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to say it nasty as f***.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I know.
Ricky Stebbins: f*** all of these retarded f******
Dallas Flaherty: This is all
Ricky Stebbins: bastards that are in charge of us. f*** them. They're so f******
Brandon Bruning: The only Oh,
Dallas Flaherty: volunteers.
Ricky Stebbins: stupid. It makes me sick. you guys.
Brandon Bruning: the first the first job I got,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man,
Brandon Bruning: you know, Kadi's Furniture. You ever heard of it?
 
 
00:45:03
 
Ricky Stebbins: I think I've heard of it,
Brandon Bruning: Kadis Furniture,
Ricky Stebbins: but I've never been
Brandon Bruning: but it's it's not there anymore. It used to be in Brain Street, but it's um they closed it down now.
Ricky Stebbins: there.
Brandon Bruning: Now it's like a Kmart store, but it's um I used to work there, but Grove Gro gave me that job. That was my first job ever. No, wait a minute. No, not about my first job when I was 16 years old, but paying $5 an hour under the table and I never get paycheck. So, I had social security,
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: so they just paid me under the table instead so I don't get in so I don't get in trouble. Haha, you stupid b****. Government m***********.
Ricky Stebbins: They want your pennies,
Brandon Bruning: Piece of s***.
Ricky Stebbins: man. They want every penny they can squeeze out of you.
Brandon Bruning: N piece of s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Dirt bags. And they'll offer you nothing but trash in return. and we can prove it.
 
 
00:45:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: Now, we didn't have evidence before, but now I've got a year's worth of evidence and I've got months worth of conversations with you
Brandon Bruning: Hey, my my Hey and my uncle my uncle took my um my SSI a long time ago.
Ricky Stebbins: guys.
Brandon Bruning: It was like something like $900 a month or something. I saw it on the on the email. I mean not the email in the mail. I open up the mail. I'm like, "Oh my god, my social security deal with your car. I don't see how much it is. Oh, 900 bucks. Oh, how come they're not giving it to me? Why they're not giving my money? So, they take it and they I got mad food in the house and mad
Ricky Stebbins: We pay for food and shelter and clothes and electricity.
Brandon Bruning: clothes.
Dallas Flaherty: That's
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: But people should explain to you how all of this works because now you're not living with your family and you don't know how
Brandon Bruning: they they
 
 
00:46:42
 
Ricky Stebbins: any of this works.
Brandon Bruning: bought they bought me clothes and stuff when I live in my family's house. They had my They had my money and they they probably use that for they use it for me, not for them. So they literally use it for me pretty much money. I think unless unless unless unless
Ricky Stebbins: But shouldn't people be teaching you how to be responsible with your own money?
Brandon Bruning: unless they didn't steal the SSI money, my family if if they stole it or not,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think they stole it.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, I wouldn't worry about that.
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: But no,
Brandon Bruning: I know
Ricky Stebbins: if somebody has your money and people are in control of your money and they want your money,
Brandon Bruning: they
Ricky Stebbins: you have a right to understand what they're doing with it. Just,
Brandon Bruning: my Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: hey, what do the bills go towards?
Brandon Bruning: my Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I would like to
Brandon Bruning: my Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: know.
 
 
00:47:31
 
Brandon Bruning: my cousin My cousin Steve used to take care of me when I used to live in Ammon. He used to have my social security and he and then he used it for me like like um I brought like steak and cheese sub at a um Abbertton pizza place. He bought he brought that for me with my social security money I think. I don't know. Maybe he bought it with his own money because he has money. He has a job and he makes his own money anyways. Why you want to steal it? Unless that's for rent because rent too.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I don't think he's stealing
Brandon Bruning: It's rent is too expensive.
Ricky Stebbins: everybody.
Brandon Bruning: So it must be like mad money. Could be like $600 a month I pay there maybe and you have like $200 left and they use that for for me to live there like clothing or cable or like mad food. That's what I had when I used to live there.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Had laptops, an iPod and all that kind of stuff.
 
 
00:48:28
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, they buy that stuff for me. I never had trouble when I live in my family's house. I never had a problem like eating right. Like I never they were they I was I was 15 I
Ricky Stebbins: And now you're fat and lonely.
Brandon Bruning: was 150 pounds when I was living in my family's house. They were they they gave me the right food I ate. You know, I was eating I didn't eat that much carbs when I was living with my family. I was wicked skinny.
Ricky Stebbins: That's terrible. And that's what happens. The state doesn't care about you. They just abandoned you and they're just making a profit off of you
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: now.
Dallas Flaherty: Oops.
Brandon Bruning: I was 150 lbs with my family. Um, they they um they feed me right cuz I was 150 lbs. I was level 200. They just they they fed me right. Family did. Then I said something bad about a bologoney and cheese sandwich every day for lunch when my aunt Mary
 
 
00:49:21
 
Dallas Flaherty: Damn.
Brandon Bruning: made. And I said that uh DDF and all I talk about and complain about it and then they just they just take me away and s*** and I said something. Oh, they give me baloney and cheese sandwich every day for lunch. But they do give me um healthy food at night like supper time like grilled chicken, green
Ricky Stebbins: So they took you out of there.
Brandon Bruning: beans.
Ricky Stebbins: They made you move because you complained goofing around about bologn and cheese sandwiches.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. or or smack in the head. Like a little My cousin got mad because he didn't really hit me. He just like give me a slap in the head. Not hard, but because I slam the door and I punched the wall and he got mad. Couldn't do
Ricky Stebbins: but even then that's no excuse to f***
Brandon Bruning: it.
Ricky Stebbins: with your family. Let's just say there was a problem and you dealt with it. There's problems.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Now I want to find a DDS worker and I want to punch him right in the f****** mouth and then you're going to have to deal with me in the future.
 
 
00:50:27
 
Ricky Stebbins: You're not going to just be able to ignore me and take people away from me and like, "Oh, well,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: you're going to take Brandon away from his family now and never help them get
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Right. Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: back.
Brandon Bruning: I used to live with my I used to live with my cousin Steve like he's like my best friend long time ago.
Ricky Stebbins: If the state or GDS actually cared about you, they would check up on you." Because right now, I'd rather somebody me in the head because I want to f*** somebody up. I want to f*** somebody up bad. I f****** hate this state. you f****** disgusting sick f****. And I hope you watch this video,
Brandon Bruning: I hope you watch this
Ricky Stebbins: DDS workers, you f****** psychos, because I'm going to f***
Brandon Bruning: video.
Ricky Stebbins: somebody up in Springfield or in Boston, you f****** losers. But they just f****** ignore everybody. And then I'm sitting here alone.
 
 
00:51:10
 
Ricky Stebbins: Who do I talk to? I got complaints. I I need help. And there's nobody to ever f****** help ever. But you're going to b****
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: cuz somebody smacked me in the head for because I lashed out. Oh well. I'm going to slap you in the f******
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: face. DS workers. You guys are they're so f***** and I can start threatening people now. f*** with me again and this is going to turn violent. Oh, we can't talk like that. Well, you're out of the conversation then. Find a new job. You're not going to work for DDS anymore. Goodbye. I'm going to talk to your manager and I'm going to keep moving my way up and up and up.
Brandon Bruning: Who?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not dealing with these bottom eaters.
Brandon Bruning: A DDS
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yeah, we only deal they only have us deal with the laziest,
Brandon Bruning: worker.
Ricky Stebbins: stupidest c*** f**** in the world.
 
 
00:51:54
 
Ricky Stebbins: They're going to hand us some retarded f****** b**** that doesn't know a f****** thing. Whoa. Whoa. I don't understand.
Dallas Flaherty: like Christine.
Ricky Stebbins: Christine, the lazy, stupid, worthless f****** c***. You know, she's just a dumb c***
Dallas Flaherty: She only text she text
Ricky Stebbins: and she doesn't even She's a nobody. She's just a worthless stupid c*** and we're dealing with worthless,
Brandon Bruning: We're dealing
Dallas Flaherty: me she text me a while ago and I told her don't you ever text me again.
Ricky Stebbins: stupid c****.
Brandon Bruning: with
Dallas Flaherty: I don't care if it's every month. I don't want you texting
Ricky Stebbins: You're allowed to say that, but you know, it doesn't matter.
Dallas Flaherty: me.
Ricky Stebbins: You told her you wanted me to advocate for you and she's a lazy, stupid c*** and she's not allowing anyone to advocate for you.
Dallas Flaherty: I even I even told her to
Ricky Stebbins: So now we get to treat her like a f****** b****.
Brandon Bruning: allowing.
Dallas Flaherty: contact you and she didn't get back to me about
 
 
00:52:31
 
Ricky Stebbins: And that's good. That's perfect cuz now she's a f******
Dallas Flaherty: that.
Ricky Stebbins: w**** and I don't want to f****** talk to you. You've been f****** with Dallas for who the f*** knows how long. Goodbye. That's it.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We don't have to deal with any of these f****** scumbag s***, but they're going to have to deal with us. Especially because I'm making videos now. f*** you people. f***
Brandon Bruning: videos.
Ricky Stebbins: DDS. I'm coming for you stupid c*** f****. It's been decades I've been coming for you f******
Dallas Flaherty: Thank
Brandon Bruning: So,
Dallas Flaherty: you.
Ricky Stebbins: b******.
Brandon Bruning: so pretty much it's all my fault then because um because I eat s***
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Brandon Bruning: food and it's all my
Ricky Stebbins: How is it your fault that no one helps you?
Brandon Bruning: fault.
Ricky Stebbins: How is it your fault that nobody helps you?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know when I when I when I used to live with my uncle.
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly.
 
 
00:53:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's not your fault.
Brandon Bruning: When I used to live with my uncle or my cousin Steve, I cooked I cooked on the stove. They let me while they're there. They think, "Hey, you can cook." I cook fish. I cook like steak and cheese subs and s***.
Ricky Stebbins: We all know you're forgetful.
Brandon Bruning: Pretty cool.
Ricky Stebbins: All of us know you're forgetful. You know you're
Brandon Bruning: And they know I I cook on the store at my family's house when I was when I was young.
Ricky Stebbins: forgetful.
Brandon Bruning: They let me because they're
Ricky Stebbins: And somebody should be allowing you to cook on the stove now with supervision.
Brandon Bruning: there, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: Why don't you have your own stove?
Brandon Bruning: I like it.
Ricky Stebbins: If you're not allowed to use someone else's stuff, why don't you have your own then?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Why do they deny you access to anything that could help you benefit your
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: life?
 
 
00:53:59
 
Brandon Bruning: But I want to tell the DDX. Hey,
Dallas Flaherty: Perfect.
Brandon Bruning: I used to cook at my family's house when I was young and I and I can't and I can't cook
Ricky Stebbins: That's not f*** all these stupid c**** and we could be nasty now.
Brandon Bruning: now.
Ricky Stebbins: f*** you.
Brandon Bruning: f***
Ricky Stebbins: Like, why the f***
Brandon Bruning: you.
Ricky Stebbins: is Brandon forced to use a microwave or a f****** disgusting air fryer that we know lets all these disgusting f****** particles off into our food and makes us f****** sick?
Brandon Bruning: Is that f*****
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, it is f***** up.
Brandon Bruning: up?
Ricky Stebbins: And that's exactly how the system is designed to f*** us, to act like a bunch of insensitive f****** c****. Piss us off until we're ready to explode.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***, I almost hanged up by accident. f*** the Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: And uh they don't even care about my health.
Ricky Stebbins: No, they
Brandon Bruning: They don't care about my They don't care about my health.
Ricky Stebbins: don't.
 
 
00:54:44
 
Brandon Bruning: They don't even care how how you eat. They don't even care what what carb they're putting in or whatever. They don't give a f***.
Ricky Stebbins: They would help you learn how to keep track of all this and it would be fun. All of this is fun. None of this is hard. None of this is stressful. They just don't want to do it because they don't care. And they're selfish bastards.
Brandon Bruning: And they and they know it's And they know.
Ricky Stebbins: And I can prove it. Oh yeah.
Brandon Bruning: They know they're wrong.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, they know it beyond a shadow of a doubt.
Brandon Bruning: They're wrong.
Ricky Stebbins: They know they're wrong. That's why they don't respond.
Brandon Bruning: Were they trying to kill us?
Ricky Stebbins: Well, they want to profit off you. They want you to live and they just want you to shut up. Do as you're told, like an obedient lackey.
Brandon Bruning: Treasure just to like a
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: slave.
 
 
00:55:34
 
Ricky Stebbins: They treat us like slaves. They treat you guys like slaves and expect you to do as you're told or they punish you. Especially when you get upset about it.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: They blame you for everything. Oh, Brandon, you're sick. It's your fault. And we know it's not your fault. Society's
Dallas Flaherty: chug. Chug choke choke choke. Suck it. Suck it. Suck it.
Ricky Stebbins: choke.
Brandon Bruning: Hell no. f*** you.
Dallas Flaherty: That was funny. Stroke stroke.
Brandon Bruning: f*** the f****** around here. I don't like people. I hate people around here.
Dallas Flaherty: I ain't no Go f***
Brandon Bruning: They don't even help.
Dallas Flaherty: yourself. I said go f*** yourself. I ain't no f*****.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Dallas Flaherty: You f****** qu.
Ricky Stebbins: A little queer queer eye for the Dallas
Brandon Bruning: I have no friend. I barely I barely have no friend in Boston.
Ricky Stebbins: guy.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh
 
 
00:56:45
 
Brandon Bruning: Nobody wants to hang out. Only one person, Edson. He's the only person that hangs out in Boston. If nobody else wants to hang
Ricky Stebbins: That's terrible.
Brandon Bruning: out,
Dallas Flaherty: boy.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know anybody from Boston. They don't want to hang out with me. If they don't, I don't care.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't know
Brandon Bruning: I don't give a s***. Hey,
Ricky Stebbins: anything.
Brandon Bruning: f*** you. Hey, f*** you.
Dallas Flaherty: What do you mean f******?
Brandon Bruning: f******.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm your best friend.
Brandon Bruning: You said f******. Don't f*** you. I'm just
Dallas Flaherty: f*** you. f***
Brandon Bruning: kidding.
Dallas Flaherty: you.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny.
Brandon Bruning: What if I Man, if I get jumped, what do you
Dallas Flaherty: I would step
Brandon Bruning: do?
Ricky Stebbins: Hopefully you don't get jumped.
Dallas Flaherty: in.
Ricky Stebbins: Who was jumping you?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. I'm just saying. I always think that like some gonna Oh
Ricky Stebbins: Bunch of like elderly women are jumping you or
 
 
00:57:42
 
Dallas Flaherty: Now that's funny. I would sit back and
Brandon Bruning: no.
Dallas Flaherty: watch
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like you go to a walk to the park and then all of a sudden a bunch of elderly women come out of nowhere and try to beat your
Dallas Flaherty: and
Brandon Bruning: Hold my um Erica's
Ricky Stebbins: ass.
Brandon Bruning: Erica's call me. Feel the
Dallas Flaherty: Ah, you c*********.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Got to blame him for something. Something's his fault.
Dallas Flaherty: No, it's not his fault. It's his f******
Ricky Stebbins: No, it's his fault. Whatever it is,
Dallas Flaherty: ke.
Ricky Stebbins: he did something wrong. He woke up today, so it's his fault.
Dallas Flaherty: I never got a full tour of that place,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh.
Dallas Flaherty: bro.
Ricky Stebbins: You ever What?
Dallas Flaherty: I never got a full tour of your joint.
Ricky Stebbins: Go my
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: house.
Dallas Flaherty: Nice.
Ricky Stebbins: Beautiful day out. It's no rain here. It's too bright.
 
 
00:58:46
 
Dallas Flaherty: Kind of cloudy though.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, my nephew's got his Mustang. Actually, I don't even know if I showed you like my entire room. I got my toys and s***.
Dallas Flaherty: Nice setup. Ah, there's Harley.
Ricky Stebbins: He's so fat. Little puppy.
Dallas Flaherty: Look at her. She's happy.
Ricky Stebbins: She wants a snack. She's so fat. All she wants is food. So, I got a feeder.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, you got a nice setup,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, it's perfect here for my little I wish it was a little I wish I had less stuff.
Dallas Flaherty: Doc.
Ricky Stebbins: I need to get rid of stuff. I don't know what I want to do with it. But I could do this anywhere.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I could do what I'm doing in an RV. I was thinking of buying an RV and traveling around the country.
Dallas Flaherty: She was laid. Yeah, I would love to do that. Go to Vermont,
Ricky Stebbins: I want to give people stories like start documenting.
 
 
01:00:02
 
Dallas Flaherty: Virginia.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even know if I'll need to do that soon.
Dallas Flaherty: Mary has been seen time and time
Ricky Stebbins: I need
Dallas Flaherty: again.
Ricky Stebbins: coffee.
Dallas Flaherty: So, I got to go to this meeting at six o'clock tonight at the town hall.
Ricky Stebbins: We don't have to if you want to.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, I want to continue with the cigarettes, you know. So,
Ricky Stebbins: You want to continue
Dallas Flaherty: well, I No, but like like I said,
Ricky Stebbins: smoking?
Dallas Flaherty: I want the town to sell them at least, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: You know, this has nothing to do with people's health, right?
Dallas Flaherty: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: It has nothing to do with people's health. They don't care about your health or well-being. This is about control. They just want slaves. They want you to do whatever they want you to do. And that's never going to happen.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, that's f***** up. turned around and came back and by the time we got back so much on my mind.
 
 
01:01:37
 
Ricky Stebbins: What are you guys doing for dinner tonight? You guys decide that yet?
Dallas Flaherty: No, we haven't decided what we're going to do. and uh her hair and the dress were were flowing. Maybe I'll go out and get something.
Ricky Stebbins: Go to the store or go out to eat. You're at a
Dallas Flaherty: Go to a restaurant and order something out. Get some
Ricky Stebbins: restaurant.
Dallas Flaherty: takeout.
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't going out to eat in forever. I don't even like going out to eat anymore.
Dallas Flaherty: You
Ricky Stebbins: I hate going out to eat. I'd rather buy food,
Dallas Flaherty: don't
Ricky Stebbins: go home, cook it. I don't want to eat it at a restaurant. I don't want to pick anything up.
Dallas Flaherty: not even a pizza.
Ricky Stebbins: H, you know, getting pizza with people's different ordering like hot wings. Like that's not like that's not going out to a restaurant. You know what I mean? I just feel like pizza's different some
 
 
01:02:50
 
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Well, even bar pizza.
Ricky Stebbins: of those are gross.
Dallas Flaherty: But
Ricky Stebbins: But no, I mean, I make my own pizza. I got a pizza stone. I like making pizza myself.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, you got a pizza stove?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't need a So,
Dallas Flaherty: You lucky bastard. I don't have a pizza stove.
Ricky Stebbins: it's a stone. You just put it in the the oven. I'll show you real quick.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: I got a I got one of these things, but then there's a stone. You just put a stone.
Dallas Flaherty: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. I don't know if you can see it back there, but it's just a a monster piece of
Dallas Flaherty: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: stone. put it in the oven and then you turn to like 400°. As soon as you toss the pizza on there, it starts cooking
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: away.
Dallas Flaherty: I might have to go out today and get something then for to make pizza because I got pizza crust.
 
 
01:03:51
 
Dallas Flaherty: He's never giving
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. I mean,
Dallas Flaherty: up.
Ricky Stebbins: you can use like a regular pizza like a a baking pan, but the pizza stone just gets it crispy.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, Brandon's back.
Ricky Stebbins: Sweet.
Dallas Flaherty: My
Ricky Stebbins: So what' she tell you?
Dallas Flaherty: dog.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, what's your fault now?
Dallas Flaherty: He's mute.
Ricky Stebbins: He doesn't want to talk to
Dallas Flaherty: He's on mute.
Ricky Stebbins: us.
Dallas Flaherty: He's probably still getting assaulted.
Ricky Stebbins: He hits the mute button sometimes and swears at me, I think.
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon, what happened?
Brandon Bruning: Well, my brother says, "Leave me off the internet because I told you it's your choice to eat food and don't eat food because you're the one eating the wrong food, not me. It's you. You're the one. It's your own choice to eat food. There's salad in the refrigerator. You know, there's stuff in the stuff to eat. There's apples, there's bananas. You can eat that stuff, you know. It's Hey,
Ricky Stebbins: What
 
 
01:04:59
 
Brandon Bruning: call me and say that stuff to me. I'm like, what the f***?
Dallas Flaherty: What is she at
Ricky Stebbins: happened?
Dallas Flaherty: work?
Brandon Bruning: I think so. And he told me, "Don't go to a restaurant and tell them your business, but you got you're pre-diabetic." You know,
Ricky Stebbins: Why?
Brandon Bruning: I say,
Ricky Stebbins: How are you supposed to get rid of this?
Brandon Bruning: "It's my choice." I told I told her,
Ricky Stebbins: How are you supposed to get
Brandon Bruning: you know, I said to her,
Ricky Stebbins: healthy?
Brandon Bruning: I like, "Nobody's why you're not helping me." He's like, "Why should I help you? I'm not a babysitter." Okay? I'm not a babysitter. I am not. Yes. I'm not a babysitter.
Ricky Stebbins: So, your care provider called you and told you that she's not a babysitter. This is awesome because this is going to go on the internet and this is recorded and I don't even know who she
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: is. But when I do get to talk to somebody, I'm going to tell her to shut the f******.
 
 
01:05:55
 
Ricky Stebbins: You stupid c***. You f****** b****. If you ever call Brandon to say this f****** s*** again, you're f****** done, you stupid f****** b****. Shut the f******.
Dallas Flaherty: Don't know if you've seen
Ricky Stebbins: She's going to hear it now. She shouldn't call you and say this stuff to you.
Brandon Bruning: He he says stay off the internet and then and she
Dallas Flaherty: that.
Ricky Stebbins: Tell her to shut the f******.
Brandon Bruning: gets I hang I hanged up on
Ricky Stebbins: If you want to know about your diabetes or your pre-diabetes, that's your right. You have every right to know.
Brandon Bruning: I hanged up on him. I got mad about it. I got mad about my healthy conditions.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry you're getting upset about this and it's not your
Brandon Bruning: And you know saying, "Oh, um, oh yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: fault.
Brandon Bruning: your nor kid manager doesn't want to hear that too with thoughts in your head. Stop talking to AI." Okay. Got to stop talking AI.
Ricky Stebbins: Tell her to shut the f******
 
 
01:06:44
 
Brandon Bruning: And my uncle says,
Ricky Stebbins: and we're going to have a conversation.
Brandon Bruning: And my uncle says, "You can use AI. It's it's cool. I like using AI, you know. It's cool.
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to have to get your family involved and we're going to let them listen to everything we're saying. They don't have to talk, but I want them to know what I'm saying to you and how f******
Brandon Bruning: Anywhere
Ricky Stebbins: pissed I am. And I want them to see how f****** pissed I am. The look in my f****** face. Why the f*** isn't your family helping you? f*** these lazy, stupid c*** f****. Shut the f******. If you're not going to help Brandon, shut the f******. Don't tell him to lose weight.
Brandon Bruning: it is.
Ricky Stebbins: Don't tell Brandon to eat healthy and then not help him. You stupid f****** morons. f****** stupid b******. f*** all of you. Keep your stupid f****** advice to yourself.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, you just said it to the
 
 
01:07:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I will. I'm going to I'm going to make I'm gonna have to get clips out of this video,
Brandon Bruning: faces.
Ricky Stebbins: short clips to play. Like, hey, you want to hear what I have to say to you people? I don't give a f*** what you think. I give a f*** what you do. And you prove to me you don't do s***.
Brandon Bruning: I got a I got a I got a I got a text message. Want me to send it to you?
Ricky Stebbins: Who's it from?
Brandon Bruning: No, it's Erica.
Ricky Stebbins: What does she say?
Dallas Flaherty: Kennedy.
Ricky Stebbins: Hopefully it's not to upset
Brandon Bruning: You tell me. She tell She told me get off the internet online because if you post it online,
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Brandon Bruning: she probably doesn't want to talk to me
Ricky Stebbins: Good.
Brandon Bruning: again.
Ricky Stebbins: We don't want her to talk to you again. She's rude and disrespectful all the time. Shut the f******.
Brandon Bruning: And she knows I'm probably diabetic.
 
 
01:08:15
 
Ricky Stebbins: She's the one that came and told you this s***. She's the one that got you upset in the first place and hasn't come back and given you the numbers that you've been asking for. Isn't this fantastic?
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Dallas Flaherty: Let's
Brandon Bruning: what you said? Um, plenty, do not include me in this chat anymore. Please don't include me in this chat anymore.
Dallas Flaherty: see.
Brandon Bruning: Take me off. Thank you. Take you off. What are you talking about? Take you off.
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Brandon Bruning: Can't f***
Ricky Stebbins: Chad,
Brandon Bruning: you.
Ricky Stebbins: what is she even talking about?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: You know what it is? It's people with guilty consciences don't know how to shut the f******. Oh, don't do this,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon. Leave my name out of this cuz I'm a f******
Brandon Bruning: All
Ricky Stebbins: piece of s***. Man,
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: this is great. This is so great.
 
 
01:09:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't give a f*** how anybody thinks or how they feel. If they're not going to help us and they're not helping other people,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: man,
Dallas Flaherty: Just getting home from work.
Ricky Stebbins: you guys are in for it.
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon, you should go outside. Take a walk.
Brandon Bruning: You ever care about me? That she care about me,
Dallas Flaherty: No, she doesn't.
Brandon Bruning: right? She don't care,
Ricky Stebbins: Your care provider is not providing you with any care.
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: should provide you with shelter and they buy you food, but then they give you s*** when you don't eat right. But nobody sits with you and eats and talks about why you should eat
Brandon Bruning: Hey,
Ricky Stebbins: right.
Brandon Bruning: let's go get a salad. Let me see. Go get a
Ricky Stebbins: Because you're a rabbit. They want you to hop
Brandon Bruning: salad.
Ricky Stebbins: around.
Dallas Flaherty: Buddy Bunny.
Ricky Stebbins: You're a rascally rabbit.
Brandon Bruning: So,
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
 
 
01:10:17
 
Brandon Bruning: this is illegal because she gets mad about anything going on. How about this stuff?
Ricky Stebbins: And she gets mad at you as a means of control.
Brandon Bruning: Can this fit?
Ricky Stebbins: When people get mad at you and then they won't talk to you and they tell
Brandon Bruning: This for you? How about How about that?
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Brandon Bruning: This for
Ricky Stebbins: Not really.
Brandon Bruning: you?
Ricky Stebbins: No. Quaker Oats has got the oatmeal's got sugar in it. They unless it's sugar-free oatmeal. I mean that No,
Brandon Bruning: How about How about that?
Ricky Stebbins: that's all processed s***. That's not healthy food. That's garbage.
Brandon Bruning: Is that good for you?
Ricky Stebbins: That's absolute
Brandon Bruning: packs back.
Ricky Stebbins: garbage.
Brandon Bruning: Can I eat it? Oh, it's my I can eat it by
Ricky Stebbins: Well, yeah, you can eat it by choice,
Brandon Bruning: choice.
Ricky Stebbins: but you It's not good for you. I wouldn't eat it if I was you.
Brandon Bruning: No, I wouldn't eat it.
 
 
01:11:04
 
Brandon Bruning: How about
Ricky Stebbins: Same thing with the Skippy is not good for you either.
Brandon Bruning: this?
Ricky Stebbins: A lot of these foods are terrible for us and we don't even need them. We don't need to eat as much as people think. We just eat a lot because all this processed food makes us
Brandon Bruning: How about How about this one?
Ricky Stebbins: hungry.
Brandon Bruning: Martin in Mar instant lunch.
Ricky Stebbins: The ramen instant.
Brandon Bruning: Look at that.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, they're I think that's high in sodium.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, it
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Like I don't know if it has any sugars,
Brandon Bruning: that's probably not good.
Dallas Flaherty: is.
Brandon Bruning: That's probably not good for my kidneys,
Ricky Stebbins: but too much salt is
Brandon Bruning: right? Kidney filter for salt.
Ricky Stebbins: not good for your blood pressure.
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean,
Brandon Bruning: Now look.
Ricky Stebbins: all of this food throws you out of offbalance.
Brandon Bruning: Look at this. This is Look at that.
Ricky Stebbins: If we had a balanced
 
 
01:11:51
 
Brandon Bruning: How about this?
Ricky Stebbins: diet honey,
Brandon Bruning: That's good for you.
Ricky Stebbins: what is it? Granola. No, granola's Oh my gosh. It's delicious, but it's not good for you.
Brandon Bruning: She's the one. She gives it to me.
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Brandon Bruning: I don't buy it. She's the one that buys it for me. I don't I don't buy it really.
Ricky Stebbins: And here's a problem,
Brandon Bruning: She buys it for me.
Ricky Stebbins: too.
Brandon Bruning: And my And my ho,
Ricky Stebbins: Why?
Brandon Bruning: she she the one buying me s*****
Ricky Stebbins: Who you to the store?
Brandon Bruning: food. I don't buy that much cheap.
Ricky Stebbins: Who is teaching you how to
Brandon Bruning: I do buy s***** food. If I'm bored,
Ricky Stebbins: buy
Brandon Bruning: I go buy I go to the I go to the pizza place and I buy a steak and cheese cowzone and she knows I order the food out because she know there's no healthy food
Ricky Stebbins: cuz you're hanging around alone?
 
 
01:12:26
 
Brandon Bruning: in I can I can eat
Ricky Stebbins: You wouldn't be able to do all of this stuff if you weren't alone all the time.
Brandon Bruning: this but sugarree sugarree
Dallas Flaherty: What's
Brandon Bruning: brown sugarree
Dallas Flaherty: good?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't. That processed stuff is not good for us. You're just going to be hungry. It's not going to fill you up. You got to have real food like eggs, chicken, steak. And we need to watch your diet. Like I was just eating steak and eggs for a while and I was hardly ever hungry.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I was never hungry. But I was doing a lot of stuff, so I wasn't bored. If I'm sitting around bored, forget it. I'm going to be snacking and snacking.
Brandon Bruning: Can you hear me?
Dallas Flaherty: Come on.
Brandon Bruning: Hello
Dallas Flaherty: Thank you.
Ricky Stebbins: Hello. I can hear you.
Brandon Bruning: Speaker phone speaker on
Ricky Stebbins: would you shut us off?
Brandon Bruning: speaker.
Ricky Stebbins: I Oh,
 
 
01:13:40
 
Dallas Flaherty: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: maybe.
Dallas Flaherty: to replace the door.
Brandon Bruning: Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. The door you kicked and punched.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Why don't they get you a punching bag?
Brandon Bruning: Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: Are you going to grab that punching bag or whatever body bag when you go to Maine? I mean, if you get stressed out, you need something to relieve your stress.
Dallas Flaherty: Maybe
Ricky Stebbins: You can't just suck it up and uh just hold it in, Dallas. You're fine.
Brandon Bruning: Damn, I can't even hear you. That's f***** up.
Ricky Stebbins: Can you hear us at all?
Brandon Bruning: Hello
Ricky Stebbins: I I can hear you. It doesn't look like you're on mute.
Dallas Flaherty: You can hear me, right?
Brandon Bruning: Damn, this was f*****
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think so.
Brandon Bruning: up.
Ricky Stebbins: He broke it.
Dallas Flaherty: Can you hear me, Ricky?
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you fine.
Dallas Flaherty: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Can we see I wonder if we can see his closed captions.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know what I did with it.
 
 
01:14:52
 
Ricky Stebbins: He's not
Brandon Bruning: I just
Ricky Stebbins: We can see your closed captions.
Brandon Bruning: press
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you talking. Maybe he just doesn't want to hear us.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: He's mad at us.
Dallas Flaherty: probably.
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon gets very angry then just wants to ignore us.
Brandon Bruning: there. There we go. f***.
Ricky Stebbins: You hear us now?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas broke it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, how about this stuff?
Ricky Stebbins: It's Dallas's fault.
Brandon Bruning: Is that good for
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my god. Hell no.
Brandon Bruning: you?
Ricky Stebbins: That's the worst. Almond milk. Fake ass milk. No.
Brandon Bruning: How about this stuff? I do whole be.
Ricky Stebbins: No. I mean, I love wheat bread. Don't get me wrong. I love it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: It's delicious,
Brandon Bruning: I got I got salad.
Ricky Stebbins: but it's not good.
Brandon Bruning: She said I have salad. See, look at this bowl of
Ricky Stebbins: How is that going to fill you up?
 
 
01:15:42
 
Brandon Bruning: salad.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not Salads are just something to hold you over. A little snack before dinner so you don't eat trash.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Well,
Brandon Bruning: What else?
Dallas Flaherty: have a dinner if you put like boiled eggs and
Brandon Bruning: This is big oil.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Dallas Flaherty: uh uh pepper
Brandon Bruning: Put this with tuna.
Ricky Stebbins: you should have eggs with your salad.
Brandon Bruning: How about
Ricky Stebbins: H tuna.
Brandon Bruning: tuna?
Dallas Flaherty: onions,
Ricky Stebbins: Tuna's good.
Dallas Flaherty: maybe a little bit of garlic, not too much garlic.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: How about apples?
Ricky Stebbins: Can you ever have too much garlic,
Brandon Bruning: How about apples?
Ricky Stebbins: too much onions?
Dallas Flaherty: You don't want to overpower it with
Ricky Stebbins: Have you ever eaten a lot of fruit? Like people can't eat. You know, this is what people don't understand.
Dallas Flaherty: garlic.
Brandon Bruning: How about I said,
Ricky Stebbins: Junk.
Brandon Bruning: "How about apples?" The
Ricky Stebbins: Junk food is so much easier to keep eating and eating and eating because you never get sick of it.
 
 
01:16:20
 
Brandon Bruning: f***?
Ricky Stebbins: But healthy food, your body just levels out.
Brandon Bruning: How about How about How about
Dallas Flaherty: And the fruit
Ricky Stebbins: Apples, you can eat some.
Brandon Bruning: apples?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know how many apples you're supposed to eat. And then you're going to go to you're going to end up going to the bathroom. If you eat too many apples, you're going to take a s***.
Brandon Bruning: People say, you can say it's good for
Ricky Stebbins: They are good for you. But I mean,
Brandon Bruning: you.
Ricky Stebbins: if you eat too much of anything, like how many apples are you going to eat? You're going to eat off five apples a day. No,
Brandon Bruning: Maybe one apple a
Ricky Stebbins: maybe people,
Brandon Bruning: day.
Ricky Stebbins: they dump stuff in front of you and expect you to eat it. And you don't want it. If somebody put a dozen apples right in front of me, I'm either going to eat them all or I'm never going to touch them. It's one or the other.
 
 
01:17:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: I have to be in the mood. I have to want an apple. And I'm not gonna What am I gonna sit there and eat apples every day? Apples don't last forever. So why do I need a ton of apples? Why doesn't someone take you to the store once a week so you can get fresh fruits and
Brandon Bruning: No idea.
Ricky Stebbins: vegetables and we can just deal with things on a weekly basis? You should be allowed to go to the store. Someone should be taking you to the store like a normal human being because you don't have a car and neither Dallas can't drive either.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Well,
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Dallas Flaherty: you know, I get my
Ricky Stebbins: but that's your mom.
Dallas Flaherty: stuff.
Ricky Stebbins: Your mom is helping you. And if it wasn't for your mom, you'd be f*****.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why I tell you that all the time.
Brandon Bruning: How about bananas?
Ricky Stebbins: You should appreciate your mom bends over backwards for you, man.
 
 
01:17:58
 
Brandon Bruning: Any bananas?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: like
Ricky Stebbins: But that you can have some bananas, but those are high in sugar, too, and fiber. And you what are you gonna do? Are you gonna eat bananas all day long, too? No.
Brandon Bruning: Hell
Ricky Stebbins: People People tell you, "Oh,
Brandon Bruning: though.
Ricky Stebbins: here, eat healthy." But they don't teach you how to eat healthy.
Brandon Bruning: They don't they don't teach you.
Ricky Stebbins: How do you eat healthy?
Brandon Bruning: They don't they don't teach you how to eat healthy.
Ricky Stebbins: When do you eat? When are you supposed to
Brandon Bruning: And they say they know they you know they told me you're not stupid.
Ricky Stebbins: eat?
Brandon Bruning: You know how to eat healthy. You just don't want to. That's what they say to me.
Ricky Stebbins: Who tells you that?
Brandon Bruning: My camada told my camber told me that.
Ricky Stebbins: I would love to talk to these people and We need to have a
Brandon Bruning: My camada told me that. What are you talking about?
 
 
01:18:36
 
Ricky Stebbins: cock face to face with her so I can tell her to shut the f******. I don't know who the f*** she's talking to,
Brandon Bruning: You want You want to talk to her,
Ricky Stebbins: but why does she talk to you like this? Like a f****** b****.
Brandon Bruning: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Who talks to you like this, Brandon? You know better. You know better.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And she says it with a s*****
Brandon Bruning: You know, yeah. You know better.
Ricky Stebbins: attitude.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, you know better. You know better not to eat that. Hey, that's not good for you, man. Not good for you.
Ricky Stebbins: But we know suppose you're impulsive and you're forgetful and you're depressed and eating makes people feel better. So if you're sitting there by yourself depressed, what are you going to do? Go find a new job and go to school or have a snack?
Brandon Bruning: cuz they all suck.
Ricky Stebbins: All these people are stupid as f***.
Brandon Bruning: They're not helping me out.
 
 
01:19:22
 
Brandon Bruning: I know they're not helping me all.
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Brandon Bruning: They're just They just f****** bick and complain about you eating s***** food and they're giving me s***** food. You give me f****** maiden brand and say man I I bought you some maiden brand crunch for you from what's so
Ricky Stebbins: Raisin brand's s***.
Brandon Bruning: funny bread
Ricky Stebbins: It's not good for you. No wonder you're If you would eat that and then go to the doctors and do blood work,
Brandon Bruning: is s***
Ricky Stebbins: your your sugars would be through the f****** roof.
Dallas Flaherty: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my god, you're dying. Well, I ate raisin brand.
Brandon Bruning: eat that she don't care she doesn't give a
Ricky Stebbins: And it was healthy. People are so dumb.
Brandon Bruning: f*** You know,
Ricky Stebbins: You need to eat fresh cooked
Brandon Bruning: you know, she said, she said she's concerned about my health.
Ricky Stebbins: meals.
Brandon Bruning: I like I said she concerned about my health. That's what she says.
Ricky Stebbins: How
Brandon Bruning: And she really concerned about my health.
 
 
01:20:09
 
Brandon Bruning: You wouldn't even give me all this s*****
Ricky Stebbins: how
Brandon Bruning: ass food because I'm f****** white or something because I'm It's I don't know, racist white. Because I'm white and she's
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not going to bring color into any of this.
Brandon Bruning: black.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care that she's black because there's insensitive people of every color, especially white. I'll just blame all the insensitive white people I know and leave colored people off the list cuz f*** this. We're all trained to be insensitive f****** assholes. To turn our backs on other people, to blame them for other problems. f*** this. It's not your fault. And I know I can help you. Just like now we're on the phone.
Dallas Flaherty: That's one.
Brandon Bruning: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: We've been on the phone for hours and you haven't been snacking and you're not smoking weed like crazy. Why? Cuz we're talking and we're doing something. Are we doing a lot? No. But we're doing something cuz you're trying
 
 
01:20:59
 
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, I had one pot burning, but that's about
Brandon Bruning: I'm going to make some
Ricky Stebbins: to You want us to have a snack?
Dallas Flaherty: it.
Brandon Bruning: eggs.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I should get up and have some tuna fish or something.
Brandon Bruning: I'll make some eggs.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. But even then, you got to microwave them.
Brandon Bruning: Eggs.
Ricky Stebbins: You can't ever have an egg sunny side up or scrambled eggs on the stove. You got to microwave
Brandon Bruning: I got a microwave.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Dallas Flaherty: Make them.
Brandon Bruning: I mean, yeah, microwave cook on
Ricky Stebbins: Even the air fryer is disgusting.
Brandon Bruning: this.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to use an air fryer.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Not when I know that these chemicals,
Brandon Bruning: I mean,
Ricky Stebbins: these teflon I love eggs.
Brandon Bruning: I need ass.
Ricky Stebbins: I eat eggs all the time.
Dallas Flaherty: Come on.
Ricky Stebbins: I got to buy 60 more eggs is like nine bucks.
Brandon Bruning: He knows I'm D. If people know I'm a pre-diabetic, why they're not helping me out, they know.
 
 
01:21:49
 
Brandon Bruning: They know that's bad for you.
Ricky Stebbins: It's easier to blame you.
Brandon Bruning: They exactly know that.
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky,
Ricky Stebbins: Hey, it's all your fault, Brandon.
Brandon Bruning: So, it's easy to blame me.
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: my hair fell out because of you,
Brandon Bruning: Cuz I'm Cuz I'm a whitey.
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm
Ricky Stebbins: I lost my hair because of you.
Brandon Bruning: I'm a whitey honky
Ricky Stebbins: Right.
Brandon Bruning: m***********.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. My hair turned gray because of Brandon.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***, I just forget.
Ricky Stebbins: His fault.
Dallas Flaherty: Yo, Ricky,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm for dinner tonight. That's what I'm going to do.
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't hear anything. You said your word got cut off. I don't know if you're What kind of
Dallas Flaherty: I said I'm going to do an omelette for dinner
Brandon Bruning: And I use uh I use non-
Dallas Flaherty: tonight.
Ricky Stebbins: omelette?
Brandon Bruning: cookooking spray.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not good either.
Brandon Bruning: See?
Ricky Stebbins: That stuff's terrible.
 
 
01:22:29
 
Ricky Stebbins: You should be eating all natural butter.
Brandon Bruning: No, it's nonstick cooking
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: spray.
Ricky Stebbins: but that stuff's not good for anything. We don't use that. I don't use that. I use
Brandon Bruning: Ingredients:
Ricky Stebbins: butter.
Brandon Bruning: water, soybean oil, propane, soy pauses,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't use any
Brandon Bruning: artificial butter,
Ricky Stebbins: sprays.
Brandon Bruning: artificial butter flavor. Oh s***, that's so bad for you. Think is if it say it
Ricky Stebbins: I don't like any of that. So, I get rid of anything artificial now because we don't need it.
Brandon Bruning: says Well, it says healthy sheath. It's healthy. Is it healthy? See
Ricky Stebbins: They could write that healthy chef. That's just a name. I can say I'm healthy.
Brandon Bruning: That just a name.
Ricky Stebbins: This is a healthy knife.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, dude.
Ricky Stebbins: It's a healthy knife.
Brandon Bruning: How's the
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to poke you with it.
Brandon Bruning: night?
Ricky Stebbins: Poke you with my healthy knife.
 
 
01:23:25
 
Ricky Stebbins: Just because it says healthy, it's that's a lie.
Brandon Bruning: It's a lie,
Ricky Stebbins: It's terrible.
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: It is a lie.
Brandon Bruning: It's a lie. Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: And they're lying to us about everything.
Brandon Bruning: It's a lie.
Ricky Stebbins: All this food is disgusting.
Brandon Bruning: You're a liar.
Ricky Stebbins: And they've known it for decades, too. The science proves it.
Brandon Bruning: What's wrong with me? I don't know what's wrong with me. What's wrong with my head today? I'm just f***** up in the head.
Ricky Stebbins: You're stressed out, man. That's okay.
Brandon Bruning: Stressed out.
Ricky Stebbins: You got questions and we're going to find
Dallas Flaherty: I'm stressed out too,
Ricky Stebbins: answers.
Dallas Flaherty: dog.
Brandon Bruning: I'm having eggs.
Dallas Flaherty: Stressed
Ricky Stebbins: Life is
Dallas Flaherty: out.
Ricky Stebbins: rough.
Brandon Bruning: I'm going tell I'm going to tell my uncle my uncle about what she said to me and say she doesn't care about how I eat food because she knows she knows you eat bad food and you eat it anyway and she doesn't care about it because it's your choice.
 
 
01:24:29
 
Brandon Bruning: That's what she said. It's your own choice because that means you don't give a f***. Yeah, you heard me on Yeah, you heard me on the
Ricky Stebbins: But she doesn't.
Brandon Bruning: camera.
Ricky Stebbins: You can't just blame people. So what? You got pre-diabetes. Now
Brandon Bruning: You got to You got to probably come over here at me and
Ricky Stebbins: what?
Brandon Bruning: s***. I'll f****** smack you in the face. I don't give a f***.
Ricky Stebbins: But you don't have to smash anybody in the face. All we have to do is prove that they're f****** with you and end of discussion.
Brandon Bruning: I'll use my boxing skills. How you like that, huh?
Ricky Stebbins: And you guys aren't the only guys being f*****
Brandon Bruning: No, I'm just
Ricky Stebbins: with in this state.
Brandon Bruning: kidding.
Ricky Stebbins: And once we prove it,
Dallas Flaherty: This is
Ricky Stebbins: it's going to be like it's game over for these
Dallas Flaherty: black.
Ricky Stebbins: suckers.
Brandon Bruning: Cuz I'm white.
 
 
01:25:18
 
Brandon Bruning: Simple. Simple as that. s***. Plus 45.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, microwaving eggs, that's the worst. We got to get you like a little camping grill that you can use out by the road.
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: Then when anybody asks you why you can't cook in the
Brandon Bruning: not AI. AI.
Ricky Stebbins: house,
Brandon Bruning: AI. AI said it said AI said microwave was good for you. It's healthy. said it's not
Ricky Stebbins: No, I don't want to microwave anything.
Brandon Bruning: healthy.
Ricky Stebbins: And there's studies from other countries that say that it damages the vitamins and minerals inside these foods. I don't Why do I need to microwave something when I can just warm it up on the stove?
Brandon Bruning: I'm in the microwave.
Ricky Stebbins: Whenever you microwave something, it never comes out the same as it does when you cook it fresh. It's always burnt on the corners or too hot in the middle or on the on the sides.
Brandon Bruning: Jesse, you ready?
Ricky Stebbins: Middle is super cold.
 
 
01:26:24
 
Brandon Bruning: I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm going to show you when it comes out. It's all fluffy, I
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. But what if you wanted a sunny side up egg?
Brandon Bruning: think.
Ricky Stebbins: Now you can't ever have one cuz I don't think you can do that in the microwave. Or I guess you could wait till it gets really hot out and do it on like a the hood of a car.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: There's a stove, but it's not. It's not on.
Dallas Flaherty: great.
Brandon Bruning: See the stove not on?
Ricky Stebbins: Would they unplug it so you can't use it?
Brandon Bruning: Is that what it
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. I don't know how to use that stove. I don't know why it's not on.
Brandon Bruning: is?
Ricky Stebbins: I've never seen a stove that wasn't lit up. It's They're always on.
Brandon Bruning: See this?
Ricky Stebbins: I've never in my life heard that someone's not allowed to use a stove. Maybe not alone. Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: See?
 
 
01:27:10
 
Ricky Stebbins: that's neat.
Brandon Bruning: See that?
Ricky Stebbins: That's interesting.
Brandon Bruning: Good. Looks good.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. I mean,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. It's from the microwave.
Ricky Stebbins: it's better than raw eggs.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, it's microwave.
Ricky Stebbins: I would put like buffalo sauce on that.
Brandon Bruning: I told you.
Ricky Stebbins: Spice it up or some pranks red hot.
Brandon Bruning: Put some salt on it. No, I can't do that. Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: You can have salt, can you can have a little of You just don't want a ton of salt. But you need to drink water, too. So, if you're have a lot of salt, you got to have some water. Stay hydrated.
Brandon Bruning: Garlic powder.
Ricky Stebbins: What? I love garlic powder.
Brandon Bruning: Garlic powder.
Ricky Stebbins: I like the garlic onion powder.
Brandon Bruning: You do like this
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Garlic salt. Like garlic salt.
Brandon Bruning: one.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't put a lot of it, but just a tiny bit.
Brandon Bruning: What's this?
 
 
01:27:54
 
Brandon Bruning: You ever seen this?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, it's seasoning. There's nothing wrong with seasoning.
Brandon Bruning: Is it good?
Ricky Stebbins: I like seasoning, but it's up to you if you like that seasoning. I don't want you to put it on that and find it's you don't like the taste.
Brandon Bruning: You could put this on your You can put this on your
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: eggs.
Ricky Stebbins: you can put garlic powder on your eggs, but put a small amount. You don't want to put a ton of it.
Brandon Bruning: Sure.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. I don't have like fresh garlic.
Brandon Bruning: I'll try it.
Ricky Stebbins: I like garlic cloves handy.
Brandon Bruning: What the f*** is this?
Ricky Stebbins: They have garlic
Brandon Bruning: I never
Dallas Flaherty: You know what I want to try? I got a idea from uh Emerald Legassi who's a
Ricky Stebbins: dresses.
Brandon Bruning: know.
Dallas Flaherty: uh top-notch chef.
Ricky Stebbins: Garlic soup.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm going to try making that sometime.
Ricky Stebbins: I love garlic. It sounds delicious.
 
 
01:28:39
 
Ricky Stebbins: Just like French onion soup.
Brandon Bruning: Galllet.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, garlic soup.
Ricky Stebbins: delicious.
Dallas Flaherty: I want to try. I've never tried garlic soup. I want to try it.
Ricky Stebbins: That sounds
Brandon Bruning: No eggs.
Ricky Stebbins: good.
Brandon Bruning: M. Tastes good with the I had two
Dallas Flaherty: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: Well, you have some salt on it.
Brandon Bruning: eggs.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: No, put salt on it.
Ricky Stebbins: What' you put on it?
Brandon Bruning: The garlic powder.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. So, you liked it?
Brandon Bruning: It's all
Ricky Stebbins: I love garlic and it's good for you,
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: too. I don't I don't know what it does, but yes,
Brandon Bruning: Eggs are good for you,
Ricky Stebbins: eggs are great for you.
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: Full of protein.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: That cholesterol nonsense
Brandon Bruning: my stomach. Oh, my stomach's killing me.
Ricky Stebbins: is wonder why your stomach's
Brandon Bruning: That hurt. That is eight.
Ricky Stebbins: bothering you
 
 
01:29:36
 
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. It bothers me sometimes.
Ricky Stebbins: off and on or has it been recent?
Brandon Bruning: Go dog, man.
Dallas Flaherty: that she recogn
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: It's hard without watching your diet. We have no idea why her stomach's squirly.
Brandon Bruning: I love eggs. Oh, sorry. Table. I already finished it.
Ricky Stebbins: dude, that is rude as f***. Who the f*** interrupts you while you're eating and tells you to sit down? You're an adult. If you want to stand and eat, you can do whatever you want. People are so f****** rude. It's ridiculous. And then I can hear this s*** while we're talking. Like people interrupt you and f*** with you while we're talking.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, man.
Ricky Stebbins: f****** animals, man. Disgusting f****** animals, people. And it's not just one person. There are millions of Americans that are stupid as f***. And they're about to get a wakeup call. I don't know who the f*** thinks it's okay to mouth off to disabled people, but if I want to sit on the f****** floor, if I want to eat off the f****** floor, if I want to put my plate on the f****** floor and eat,
 
 
01:31:30
 
Brandon Bruning: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I can do that whenever the f*** I want. If I want to stand up and eat on one f****** leg, I can do that. If I want to sit on the f****** counter with my plate in my f******
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: hand, I can do that because I'm an adult. What the f*** is wrong with people?
Brandon Bruning: sit down and eat.
Ricky Stebbins: Interrupt you while you're eating to tell you to f****** sit down like a f******
Brandon Bruning: Interrupt interrupt and decided to sit
Ricky Stebbins: slave,
Brandon Bruning: down. Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: dude. Man,
Brandon Bruning: really?
Ricky Stebbins: it's f****** on. Like, it's so f****** on. This is great, Dallas. This is why I want to record all these conversations. I wish people would come into your house and start talking s***
Brandon Bruning: Nobody. Nobody's slaving my ass.
Ricky Stebbins: to you.
Brandon Bruning: I'll tell you that. f******. I
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, dude.
Brandon Bruning: f******
Ricky Stebbins: I want to record every conversation we ever have ever again.
 
 
01:32:30
 
Brandon Bruning: don't be a slave in me. I'll tell you that. I'll put you in the f****** boat.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't have to punch anybody.
Brandon Bruning: Slave me. Oh, I will.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm sorry, people.
Brandon Bruning: I don't give a f***.
Ricky Stebbins: No, no, no.
Brandon Bruning: That's how you discipline people.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't have to punch anybody. We're gonna We got them.
Brandon Bruning: That's how that's how that's how you teach them a lesson. You punch him in that f******
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Brandon Bruning: mouth so they know the pain is right.
Ricky Stebbins: but you don't. You don't do that.
Brandon Bruning: Is that what it is?
Ricky Stebbins: You don't have to do that.
Brandon Bruning: You teach him a
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to teach them a lesson legally on video.
Brandon Bruning: lesson.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, you people are so f****** done. You push disabled people till they want to flip the f*** out and then throw them in the hospital and blame them for their behavior, but you're the ones f****** with everybody.
 
 
01:33:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: Keep pushing people's
Brandon Bruning: Hi Oh
Ricky Stebbins: buttons.
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Dirty as f***. Our system is dirty. All these people are lazy and f****** insensitive. Nobody ever thinks about anything they do.
Brandon Bruning: Oh. Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: And this is great, too, because I'm talking to other people with different types of court issues, and the courts are all kinds of f***** up. We're going to get them all all at once,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: too. It's going to be a one foul swoop to f****** board clean.
Brandon Bruning: I hope you didn't hear no conversation. Did you hear the conver you heard something in the
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Brandon Bruning: background?
Ricky Stebbins: I heard her tell you to sit down and eat.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, you heard that? You heard about someone sitting down and eat? Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: f*** her. She interrupted your conversation. She had no f******
Brandon Bruning: you you're like,
Ricky Stebbins: right to do that. She heard you
 
 
01:34:11
 
Brandon Bruning: "f*** her.
Ricky Stebbins: talking.
Brandon Bruning: He had no right to do that to you when to you and when you're eating. f*** her." Why?
Ricky Stebbins: What were you doing wrong?
Brandon Bruning: Why you say that?
Ricky Stebbins: Standing and eating. Who cares?
Brandon Bruning: What are you standing there? Can't just stand there and eat. Who cares? You do that, right?
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe and last.
Brandon Bruning: You stand and eat. Do your mother say that to you?
Ricky Stebbins: Wait, what? Maybe disabled people aren't allowed
Brandon Bruning: Do your mama say that to you?
Dallas Flaherty: Stand in me. I'll stand in you, m***********.
Ricky Stebbins: to.
Dallas Flaherty: But I choose to.
Brandon Bruning: Do your mother do your mother tell you to sit down and eat?
Dallas Flaherty: No, but I
Ricky Stebbins: You're disabled. You have to sit down. You have no rights,
Brandon Bruning: You don't, right?
Ricky Stebbins: slave.
Dallas Flaherty: some
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. You don't you don't you don't have the right to stand up.
 
 
01:34:48
 
Brandon Bruning: You're your disability. You're a slave. Go sit down. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: We're not at a restaurant.
Brandon Bruning: Is that what it I'm not at a
Ricky Stebbins: We're not hanging out with other people.
Brandon Bruning: restaurant? I'm not hanging out with other people.
Ricky Stebbins: You're There's no reason for you to have any kind of proper etiquette while you're talking on the phone with us.
Brandon Bruning: and get dog on the floor with us. I'm cop I'm copying a new You're f*****.
Ricky Stebbins: That's fine. Oh, you can copy me all you want.
Brandon Bruning: You are f*****.
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't bother me.
Brandon Bruning: You're f*****.
Ricky Stebbins: These people are going to get it.
Brandon Bruning: People got to get it.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: Who Who's got to Who's going to get
Ricky Stebbins: they're going to get it.
Brandon Bruning: it?
Ricky Stebbins: All these care providers and you know the problem is like she's not really going to get it, but DDS is going to get it. Grows going to Oh, these companies are f*****.
 
 
01:35:34
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh, it's it's the DDS, not her,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I'm heading for the company. I don't care about her.
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: She's not She isn't the problem. She's just a pawn in the game.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, she is she just a pawn in the game. What does that mean? Pawn in the game. What the f***
Ricky Stebbins: like she's telling you what to do like she's in charge of something.
Brandon Bruning: does that mean? telling you telling you what the
Ricky Stebbins: She's in charge of nothing. She she rents her apartment,
Brandon Bruning: Jes Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: so it's her apartment to rent. Other than that, she can shut the f******.
Brandon Bruning: charge of nothing.
Ricky Stebbins: She has no say in f****** anything in the entire world. And she's just causing problems for herself by opening her big f******
Brandon Bruning: You think that's Well, Dallas think it's Dallas think it's her,
Ricky Stebbins: mouth.
Brandon Bruning: right? Dallas think it's it's her, right?
Ricky Stebbins: Not her because she's not in control of anything.
 
 
01:36:12
 
Brandon Bruning: What do you think?
Ricky Stebbins: She's just has her name on the lease of that apartment and that's it. That's it.
Brandon Bruning: have have a lease on that apartment. No,
Ricky Stebbins: Once you move out, then she's going she's done.
Brandon Bruning: she she
Ricky Stebbins: She's out of the picture and nothing she ever says matters ever again.
Brandon Bruning: No, she owned the No, she owned the house. That's not a lease.
Ricky Stebbins: She doesn't actually own anything.
Brandon Bruning: She bought it.
Ricky Stebbins: Nah, nobody in America actually owns anything. She pays taxes on it.
Brandon Bruning: And America doesn't own it.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you don't actually own it. If you pay taxes on it, you don't own it.
Brandon Bruning: They don't actually own it.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not yours because they can take it from you.
Brandon Bruning: You You play They take taxes.
Ricky Stebbins: Just like I could sue her. Like if you're telling me she owns that house, I could sue her on your behalf now and take it from her civily for the way she's treated you.
 
 
01:36:54
 
Ricky Stebbins: But I'm not going to do that.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: But I could.
Brandon Bruning: No, you won't do that.
Ricky Stebbins: And f*** all these people.
Brandon Bruning: Go
Ricky Stebbins: I could sue your family.
Brandon Bruning: away.
Ricky Stebbins: I could I could help you sue your family for their fortune for the way they've treated you. I could do that and I would win civily.
Brandon Bruning: You can you can you can sue
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I would f*** your family so hard.
Brandon Bruning: people.
Ricky Stebbins: I'd be able to f*** your family so hard for the way they've treated you civily.
Brandon Bruning: You'll f****** my family. I'll f****** your I'll f******
Ricky Stebbins: But then that's not how would that help you?
Brandon Bruning: your family so hard, you know,
Ricky Stebbins: That wouldn't help you.
Brandon Bruning: if they I'll s You want to
Ricky Stebbins: That wouldn't bring your family back together. You'd get money and it would ruin
Brandon Bruning: get sued?
Ricky Stebbins: everything.
Brandon Bruning: You mean just sue them? I'll f****** sue
 
 
01:37:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: This is what this civiling this is what these civil charges do to people.
Dallas Flaherty: Stop shooting.
Brandon Bruning: you.
Ricky Stebbins: When you sue people civily, you don't solve any problems. You just piss people off and cause more problems. That's why I haven't bothered suing anybody and I've just been documenting and building my case because I want to change
Brandon Bruning: I want to
Ricky Stebbins: the system. I want you to be able to hang out with your family more.
Brandon Bruning: change.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want them bitching and moaning at you wondering why you have all these health problems and then nobody explains it to you or them. But I'm putting everybody on notice. You want to open your big f****** mouth and talk to me, you better educate yourself or I'm going to shut you the f****** real f****** fast.
Brandon Bruning: Better you better educate yourself or you better shut the f******.
Ricky Stebbins: That's it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, that's nice. Nice.
Ricky Stebbins: If they're not helping you guys,
Brandon Bruning: That's a nice line right there.
 
 
01:38:11
 
Ricky Stebbins: we're here to help you guys.
Brandon Bruning: You better You better educate yourself or shut the f******
Ricky Stebbins: And if they're not going to help, it's on,
Brandon Bruning: because they're not helping you out.
Ricky Stebbins: m************.
Brandon Bruning: They're not teaching you how to cook. They're not teaching how to eat food. They teach you how to
Ricky Stebbins: And you're 36 and you still have these problems,
Brandon Bruning: cook.
Ricky Stebbins: which means you've had these problems for 36 years and no one has helped you. They blamed you the entire f****** time. Who the f*** does that?
Brandon Bruning: Who the f***
Ricky Stebbins: Psychopath.
Brandon Bruning: does that? Who the f*** does that? Blame it on me entire
Ricky Stebbins: It's not your fault and you're a great guy.
Brandon Bruning: time.
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I like talking to you
Dallas Flaherty: Pissed,
Ricky Stebbins: guys.
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky. Now I'm f****** pissed.
Ricky Stebbins: But that's why we have to document everything.
Brandon Bruning: Piss about pissed about
Ricky Stebbins: We just document it and we're going to expose it because it's not right.
 
 
01:38:48
 
Brandon Bruning: what?
Dallas Flaherty: Everything.
Ricky Stebbins: But we have to talk about it because if we don't talk about it, we get angry and it just builds up and it builds and then we lash out at other people. And I don't want to lash out at anyone. I want to solve our problems as a team. That's why I talk to you guys.
Brandon Bruning: You got to really call you got to complain it. You got to complain this about this stuff.
Ricky Stebbins: This is a video and it's transcribed. I'm going to put it on Facebook and say, "I'm so f******
Brandon Bruning: Ain't it this is this is this is this
Ricky Stebbins: tired of all you stupid c*** s***. Why the f*** am I talking to Brandon in Dallas an hour and a half away?" Transcribed.
Brandon Bruning: is the the scribe. This is a scribe sc transcribe
Ricky Stebbins: So all of our words, they can read it. Yeah. So they don't have to listen to this.
Brandon Bruning: transcribe.
Ricky Stebbins: AI can read it to them and say, "Oh man, you guys are f*****. These guys are talking tons of s***
 
 
01:39:40
 
Ricky Stebbins: about you." All of it.
Brandon Bruning: AI AI is heard hearing this s*** right now.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. All of it.
Brandon Bruning: All of it.
Ricky Stebbins: The video that I sent you,
Brandon Bruning: AI knows,
Ricky Stebbins: the video we took yesterday, it's transcribed all the words,
Brandon Bruning: you know, you know my you know my Ka says stop using AI because it's not going to get it's
Ricky Stebbins: too. f*****. Stop educating yourself.
Brandon Bruning: not going to get you no it's not going to get not going to get you no way in life.
Ricky Stebbins: That's the stupidest f****** thing I've ever heard.
Brandon Bruning: Stop using AI. That's what they said.
Ricky Stebbins: What? Stop brushing your teeth and stop wiping your
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: ass.
Brandon Bruning: Stop brushing your teeth or stop wiping your ass or something.
Ricky Stebbins: Why would we stop trying to educate ourselves? Why would we ever stop trying to learn? Wow.
Brandon Bruning: I guess they don't want us to learn. They don't want us.
 
 
01:40:22
 
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: They just want to deny us the learning skills or something.
Ricky Stebbins: I know they don't want you to learn.
Brandon Bruning: Think we're f****** retarded or something.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's the problem is they know that you're a little forgetful,
Brandon Bruning: You know what's You know, you know what's Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but you're
Brandon Bruning: You know what's right. You know what's wrong. That's what they say.
Ricky Stebbins: smart.
Brandon Bruning: Like said, you know what's right. You know what's wrong. And you know you know what to eat healthy, right?
Ricky Stebbins: And they know when they shove this stuff in your face,
Brandon Bruning: You know,
Ricky Stebbins: you get anxious and then you can't answer right away.
Brandon Bruning: and they and you Yeah. And you know,
Ricky Stebbins: They put you on the
Brandon Bruning: they shove this they shove this s***** food right in front of your face and say, "You got pre-diabetic." They go to f******
Ricky Stebbins: spot.
Brandon Bruning: Burger King fried chicken sandwich and give it to you and then they just f******, "Hey, you got pre-diabetic." Here,
 
 
01:41:02
 
Brandon Bruning: watch some Burger King. I got You're pre-diabetic. I don't give a f*** about you. That's what it sounds like. I don't give a f*** about brain.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't care about you.
Brandon Bruning: And I'm going to I don't give a f***
Ricky Stebbins: They're blaming you and accusing you,
Brandon Bruning: about Brandon. I'm I'm going to blame on him.
Ricky Stebbins: but they're not caring.
Brandon Bruning: I'm going to give him I'm going to give him s*** food and tell him he's eating pizza from another place.
Ricky Stebbins: But we can get you eating healthy fast. We can get you healthy soon. This isn't something that you you need to worry about and you shouldn't be upset about it. But you should be upset about the way they're treating you,
Brandon Bruning: He says that am I am I am I a rat or a snitch because I'm
Ricky Stebbins: not about your health. No.
Brandon Bruning: telling the truth?
Ricky Stebbins: Listen, I heard it. You don't have to say anything.
 
 
01:41:40
 
Ricky Stebbins: I heard all this stuff.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I was on the phone the first time when she busted in the room and said that you had pre-diabetes and it's your
Brandon Bruning: I heard you
Ricky Stebbins: fault because you asked her,
Brandon Bruning: heard that,
Ricky Stebbins: "Is it my fault?" And she said,
Brandon Bruning: right? Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: "Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: you did heard that.
Ricky Stebbins: it's your fault." Oh yeah, that f******
Brandon Bruning: You heard that?
Ricky Stebbins: b****. And I was f******
Brandon Bruning: You You like, "Hey,
Ricky Stebbins: enraged when I heard that.
Brandon Bruning: you got You heard You heard she had she said you have pre-diabetic.
Ricky Stebbins: But
Brandon Bruning: It's your fault. It's all your fault. It's my fault.
Ricky Stebbins: I heard her say it's all your fault.
Brandon Bruning: I didn't It's all my fault." Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: I heard her say that.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. It's all my Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not your fault. It's not.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. It's all my fault.
 
 
01:42:07
 
Ricky Stebbins: But she said that.
Brandon Bruning: If my mother had diabetes. Yeah, it's my f****** fault. Yeah, it's my fault.
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Brandon Bruning: It's your f******
Ricky Stebbins: it's not.
Brandon Bruning: fault. Not me. That's her fault. Not me. How you like that,
Ricky Stebbins: We just need to help get you a positive influence.
Brandon Bruning: huh? You want to fight me? I'll f****** knock you out.
Ricky Stebbins: No, we don't want to fight with them.
Brandon Bruning: Better bring a cop.
Ricky Stebbins: We've already
Brandon Bruning: Better have a cop in this place because I'mma punch you out.
Ricky Stebbins: won.
Brandon Bruning: Better have your cousin. You better have your son or somebody knock them out,
Ricky Stebbins: You don't have to get mad now because you have this video.
Brandon Bruning: too.
Ricky Stebbins: You can say, "Hey, you know what? You need to watch this video because there's a serious problem now and it's not going away. You guys let me stick my foot in the door and I'm never pulling it out.
 
 
01:42:44
 
Brandon Bruning: f****** pissing me off, dude.
Ricky Stebbins: Like uh oh,
Brandon Bruning: Everything just pisses me off.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to pry the door open.
Brandon Bruning: Everything goes off with him.
Ricky Stebbins: That's because you're alone.
Brandon Bruning: I'm alone and I'm pissed
Ricky Stebbins: You got to get your support system so when you're upset you can talk about stuff.
Brandon Bruning: off.
Ricky Stebbins: That's why you got to box. What about the boxing? Go down the stairs and box. Get rid of your energy. Do some squats right now. Don't get mad. Got to get productive. Stay positive. Do some squats. Do some push-ups. That'll help you lose weight and get in shape.
Brandon Bruning: No, sure.
Ricky Stebbins: But don't get mad.
Brandon Bruning: That's going to help me lose weight.
Ricky Stebbins: It will, especially the squats.
Brandon Bruning: I had I had two eggs today. That's all I'm going to eat today.
Ricky Stebbins: But that's good.
Brandon Bruning: That's it.
Ricky Stebbins: Eggs are good. And two eggs is what, like 40 grams of protein?
 
 
01:43:32
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I think I think it's 20 grams of protein each egg. I'm gonna have to look that up. But even then,
Brandon Bruning: grams.
Ricky Stebbins: eggs are super healthy. And the more eggs you eat, you won't be health getting hungry all the time. We just need to get you healthier alternatives because if you eat raisin bran, you're going to be hungry in a half hour or an hour. That's never going to fill you up.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: The milk, the almond milk is terrible for you. That'll just spike your blood sugar instantly. But we can deal with all this really fast. It's not that big of a deal.
Brandon Bruning: It's not a big a deal.
Ricky Stebbins: But we just It's not But there's no reason to be rude to people about it.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: We could help you and make it fun. Like, "All right, Brandon, from now on, we got to watch what you're eating. That's it. We're going to start doing this.
 
 
01:44:24
 
Ricky Stebbins: Start going to the park. We're going to start going to the store and we're going to teach you which foods to look out for." And you have AI and we know you like using it. So you can use it to to read the labels.
Brandon Bruning: pissing me off,
Ricky Stebbins: It has ask AI to
Brandon Bruning: too. Damn,
Ricky Stebbins: explain.
Brandon Bruning: that's not great. I sent I sent the Burger King um that grill sandwiches to my aunt um the hell my cousin Danielle. You know what she said? Yeah, that's not great for pre-diabetic. You shouldn't shouldn't be eating that. That's what you said to me. No,
Ricky Stebbins: And what do you do when somebody buys you that stuff?
Brandon Bruning: that's not great.
Ricky Stebbins: throw it away and be rude.
Brandon Bruning: I threw the bun away and they ate the meat. That's all they did.
Ricky Stebbins: It's hard. They put you in a in the position
Brandon Bruning: Just give me s***** food so I can eat it.
 
 
01:45:12
 
Brandon Bruning: So they they do it on purpose.
Ricky Stebbins: to
Brandon Bruning: They know I eat s***** food and then give it to me on purpose. They're doing it on purpose.
Ricky Stebbins: like me when I buy candy. I know I'm going to eat it.
Brandon Bruning: I know they're doing it on purpose.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not going to just leave it there. It doesn't sit there.
Brandon Bruning: f******
Ricky Stebbins: I know how I am.
Brandon Bruning: lying to my face. Lying to my face.
Dallas Flaherty: Is that
Ricky Stebbins: It's okay and we're going to deal with it.
Dallas Flaherty: working?
Ricky Stebbins: This is the best part is they gave us everything I needed to fight the system and they did it by acting like
Brandon Bruning: She's f***.
Ricky Stebbins: jerks.
Brandon Bruning: Is she retarded or something? Retard. Are you a retarded? f******
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe you know she's probably poisoned.
Brandon Bruning: retard or
Ricky Stebbins: She's eating the same poison food you are.
Brandon Bruning: something.
Ricky Stebbins: All our food makes us sick.
 
 
01:45:55
 
Ricky Stebbins: Everything in our environment is designed to stress us out.
Brandon Bruning: f***.
Ricky Stebbins: At the end of the day, I don't want to fight your care provider. I don't want you to be mad at your care provider. I want you guys to get along. I wish you guys were best friends. I think it's absolutely disgusting.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, right.
Ricky Stebbins: You should be best friends.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, best friends.
Ricky Stebbins: You guys should be able to sit down and have dinner together and cook together and go for walks together and
Brandon Bruning: No, we don't.
Ricky Stebbins: talk.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, cook together.
Ricky Stebbins: You live together.
Brandon Bruning: We live together.
Ricky Stebbins: That's weird.
Brandon Bruning: We should cook together and eat together. Yeah, right. We're not family. Sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: That's weird.
Brandon Bruning: No way in hell.
Ricky Stebbins: But you should be friends. Like, dude, I would sit down and eat with you all the time, watch TV, talk about
Brandon Bruning: We're not That's That's the problem.
 
 
01:46:34
 
Brandon Bruning: We're not family members.
Ricky Stebbins: stuff.
Brandon Bruning: We're just f****** strangers talking s*** to each other. Give me s***** mails. f******
Ricky Stebbins: And that's what the system designs.
Brandon Bruning: she's by the fun by the state. f*** you. You can see me.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to live with I used to when I worked with my
Brandon Bruning: See me on camera,
Ricky Stebbins: disabled buddies, all we did,
Brandon Bruning: b****.
Ricky Stebbins: we went to the gym all the time. And we hung out all the time. We did stuff together as a group all the time. Every time I worked, it was always me and them. I didn't even care about the other workers.
Brandon Bruning: Do I do I look this to you?
Ricky Stebbins: You look kind of mad. That's what I'm telling you. Do some squats. I don't want you to be mad. I want you to be happy. And Dallas wants you to be happy,
Brandon Bruning: I am mad.
 
 
01:47:14
 
Ricky Stebbins: too. Right, Dallas? I know you're mad, but you're not always mad.
Brandon Bruning: I'm always I'm now I'm getting Now I'm getting mad
Ricky Stebbins: You're a great guy. You are a nice guy.
Brandon Bruning: because I eat bad s***. It's all my fault.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not your fault.
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: It's not your fault. And you're a great guy.
Brandon Bruning: it's all my fault.
Ricky Stebbins: You're a great guy.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Then you know it.
Brandon Bruning: it's not all my fault. I'm a great guy.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not your fault.
Brandon Bruning: You're a great guy. It's not all your fault.
Ricky Stebbins: You just have impulse control.
Brandon Bruning: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: I am Am I a bad guy? I like candy and I like s***** food. Am I a bad guy? No.
Dallas Flaherty: Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not for eating s***** food.
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: Just you like to have snacks. That's not your fault. Why are why aren't people helping you in a positive way?
 
 
01:47:50
 
Ricky Stebbins: Supporting you in a positive way. End of
Brandon Bruning: they don't positive way.
Ricky Stebbins: discussion.
Brandon Bruning: They don't do that s***. They don't help me out in a positive way.
Ricky Stebbins: I know
Brandon Bruning: How they help me out? How how they help me out?
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Brandon Bruning: All they do is complaining about me and probably just talking s***. That's what they're
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly. And that's why I get to yell and scream now because they talked so much s***
Brandon Bruning: doing.
Ricky Stebbins: about you guys that they gave me something to stand on.
Brandon Bruning: If they be if they talk s*** in front of my face, I'm going to be like, "Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: No, no,
Brandon Bruning: I'll smack you.
Ricky Stebbins: no, no. Talk to Ricky.
Brandon Bruning: I'll f******
Ricky Stebbins: Talk to Ricky.
Brandon Bruning: b**** slap you."
Ricky Stebbins: No, you don't want to do that because then you get in trouble.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: You'll get in trouble and they'll blame. Well, you know what?
 
 
01:48:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: You might You'll get in trouble at first, but you We don't want you to get in trouble. I don't want you to feel bad. What if you hurt somebody, too? What if you felt bad afterwards?
Brandon Bruning: What? Smacking somebody in the
Ricky Stebbins: What if you felt bad afterwards? What if you hurt them and then regretted it?
Brandon Bruning: face.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want you to do that. But I don't want them to treat you like trash either. So, I'm going to stand on the line for you. I don't want you to get in trouble. I don't want anybody to get mad at you. I want you to be really nice and I want them to think I'm a f******
Brandon Bruning: What the what the cops what the cops gonna do?
Ricky Stebbins: piece of s***.
Brandon Bruning: Nothing. They don't do s***. They don't give a f***
Ricky Stebbins: They're not going to help you.
Brandon Bruning: about you. They ain't going to give a f***
 
 
01:49:07
 
Ricky Stebbins: They just ignore you.
Brandon Bruning: about your health. They're going to give a f*** about you. They're going to ignore you.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not their job.
Brandon Bruning: Can't just walk. Everybody's going to know you.
Ricky Stebbins: Cops are just there to protect the
Brandon Bruning: They don't give a f*** about you. Walking through a restaurant say, "Hey, I got diabetes." Everybody like they got to really give a f***
Ricky Stebbins: peace.
Brandon Bruning: about you. No, they're not going to give a f*** about you. Just like her. She's not going to give a f*** about me. concerned about my health. Yeah, f*** you. You ain't concerned about my health. You don't give a f*** about my health. I'm concerned about your health, brother. That's great. That's great. I'm concerned about your health. No, you f****** not. You ain't concerned. You're a lying piece of sack of trash.
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe she is concerned. Maybe she wants to get a life insurance policy.
 
 
01:49:46
 
Brandon Bruning: You're You're trash.
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe she's like, "All right,
Brandon Bruning: You're so You're just f******
Ricky Stebbins: we're we're going to buy you some snacks,
Brandon Bruning: garbage.
Ricky Stebbins: a lot of snacks, so you die
Brandon Bruning: She's garbage in your trash.
Ricky Stebbins: young.
Brandon Bruning: Garbage and trash.
Dallas Flaherty: Man, this is getting deep.
Ricky Stebbins: Huh? This is why I want to record all this stuff. It's not f****** funny. These are therapy sessions that we should be having with therapists about all our problems, but we're forced to have them with each
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I don't I don't got a Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: other.
Brandon Bruning: I don't have a therapist. So, they f***** that over, too. That must have just stopped,
Ricky Stebbins: My my insurance company f*****
Brandon Bruning: you know. I didn't.
Ricky Stebbins: me out of a therapist, too,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, they did that to me,
Ricky Stebbins: which is a good thing because my therapist was a silent f******
Brandon Bruning: too. You know, they said, "Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: b****.
 
 
01:50:28
 
Brandon Bruning: we don't we don't cover insurance for your therapist anymore." That's what they did. They fought me. They fought my medical and say, "We don't have the anymore." So,
Ricky Stebbins: This is awesome news because you guys like talking to therapists and then they f***
Brandon Bruning: so f*** them all. So, f*** everybody. f*** the Hey,
Ricky Stebbins: with you and won't let you see them.
Brandon Bruning: f*** you, too. Yeah. f***
Ricky Stebbins: This is fantastic.
Brandon Bruning: you, too.
Ricky Stebbins: Thanks guys.
Brandon Bruning: f*** you, too.
Ricky Stebbins: Thank you system for giving me this
Brandon Bruning: f*** everybody. f*** everyone.
Ricky Stebbins: demo.
Brandon Bruning: f*** everyone. f*** you. f*** you. f*** everybody. If I had a gun, I'd shoot everybody. Go down the street and go like a f******
Dallas Flaherty: Hey.
Brandon Bruning: Arab m***********. You know, that's what I feel like
Ricky Stebbins: like Arab, you know,
Brandon Bruning: doing.
Ricky Stebbins: they want us to get angry like that and that's like it's so great because I'm going to tell them that you have royally pissed us the f*** off and now you've ended the conversation where we're going to talk and they're just going to have to deal with
 
 
01:51:20
 
Brandon Bruning: If I had a gun, I I I just shoot everybody.
Ricky Stebbins: whatever we have to say now.
Brandon Bruning: f***
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: everybody.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to do that.
Brandon Bruning: I just shoot them all.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to shoot anybody.
Brandon Bruning: If I had a gun,
Ricky Stebbins: I want to help people.
Brandon Bruning: I shoot
Ricky Stebbins: I want to educate people.
Brandon Bruning: everybody.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to get along with people. But the system is not designed for that.
Dallas Flaherty: Chill out, Brandon.
Brandon Bruning: Am I Am I crazy?
Ricky Stebbins: That would be fun, I guess, if you had like a machine gun,
Brandon Bruning: Kill everybody with a machine gun.
Ricky Stebbins: a Tommy gun.
Brandon Bruning: Kill everybody with a machine gun.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, I don't want to die though. Like that that's the rough part is they're going to come get me quick.
Brandon Bruning: Kill everybody.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I'm not going to make it.
Dallas Flaherty: I don't want to go to jail,
Ricky Stebbins: Like h I mean that might that works in the
 
 
01:52:00
 
Dallas Flaherty: dude.
Brandon Bruning: I go to Brandon Bruning killed 30 people in the in Brockton
Ricky Stebbins: movies.
Brandon Bruning: for for for a rand for a random act,
Ricky Stebbins: That'll be like Brandon Wick just
Brandon Bruning: you know, just random. I shoot random people.
Ricky Stebbins: killing 500 people an episode.
Brandon Bruning: Bang. f*** it. I'll just shoot random people. I'll f****** shoot random people.
Ricky Stebbins: You know what you got to do? You got to walk around and do the squish their head thing.
Brandon Bruning: Garbage.
Ricky Stebbins: How do you squishing people's heads?
Brandon Bruning: It's f****** trash.
Ricky Stebbins: The system wants you to get mad and then they want to blame you for getting mad. That's why I like to talk about it.
Brandon Bruning: They want me to get mad and they want
Ricky Stebbins: I talk about how f****** furious I am and how I do want to smash somebody's f******
Brandon Bruning: to
Ricky Stebbins: head open, but then I calm down. I'm like, "Oh, you know, I just had to get it out of my system because you lie to me and ignore me so much that I can't hold it in anymore. How long am I supposed to hold in all this pain and suffering?
 
 
01:53:01
 
Brandon Bruning: suck
Ricky Stebbins: How long am I supposed to be ignored before I'm allowed to
Brandon Bruning: when I Hey,
Ricky Stebbins: snap?" But you said
Brandon Bruning: when I die, nobody's going to care anyways. I'm gone anyway. So,
Ricky Stebbins: I could have your stuff.
Brandon Bruning: what difference does it make?
Ricky Stebbins: Can I have that New England Patriots uh
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yeah. Sure.
Ricky Stebbins: sweatshirt?
Brandon Bruning: When I die, you can have everything you want. I don't give a f*** because I'm dead.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't want to take any of it with you?
Brandon Bruning: When I'm dead, I just don't give a f*** anymore. When I'm dead, I just don't I just won't give a
Ricky Stebbins: Everybody wants stuff.
Brandon Bruning: f***
Ricky Stebbins: Stuff.
Dallas Flaherty: Is it
Ricky Stebbins: Alice wants some stuff.
Brandon Bruning: f*** anymore. When I die, when when I die, who's going to care? No
Dallas Flaherty: okay?
Brandon Bruning: one.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care. Why do you think I'm talking to you now?
 
 
01:53:49
 
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I like talking to you guys. If I didn't like talking to you guys, I wouldn't talk to you and I would tell you like you guys are boring.
Brandon Bruning: All
Ricky Stebbins: Like when Dallas is a jerk,
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: I tell him he's a jerk. Oh well, I'm a jerk, too. Sometimes I act like a f****** a******. And it's okay to say that. Hey, Ricky, you sound like a f****** d*******.
Dallas Flaherty: What's going on?
Ricky Stebbins: Life goes on.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, you're
Dallas Flaherty: All
Brandon Bruning: f*****.
Dallas Flaherty: right.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, it could be worse. I mean, at least you don't have diabetes.
Brandon Bruning: My mother my mother my mother had my mother had diabetes.
Ricky Stebbins: You can still get rid of it.
Brandon Bruning: Her leg got cut off.
Ricky Stebbins: How old was she when she lost her leg?
Brandon Bruning: How old she was? Uh maybe I say I don't know 40s maybe 40 years old 45 she lost her leg from diabetes.
 
 
01:54:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: How old was she when she passed
Brandon Bruning: No, I now I got pre-diabetes.
Ricky Stebbins: away?
Brandon Bruning: I mean pre-diabetic. I'm pre-diabetic now because my mother my mother had it.
Ricky Stebbins: What year did she die?
Brandon Bruning: So she died my mother died 200 17 I think.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, okay.
Brandon Bruning: I think
Ricky Stebbins: That was like 10 years ago or nine years
Brandon Bruning: so.
Ricky Stebbins: ago. Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: She passed away from a stroke.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry about that.
Brandon Bruning: She passed away from a
Ricky Stebbins: That's very hard.
Brandon Bruning: stroke.
Dallas Flaherty: My old man just recently had a so he's
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry about that, too. Dallas, were you close with your mom, Brandon,
Dallas Flaherty: f******
Ricky Stebbins: or not really?
Brandon Bruning: I wore those clothes.
Ricky Stebbins: When's the last time you saw your dad?
Brandon Bruning: When I was like 14, 15 years old, saw my dad.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, wow. That's a long time ago.
Brandon Bruning: I never saw my I never I never saw my dad since.
 
 
01:56:00
 
Brandon Bruning: 14 years old.
Ricky Stebbins: That's That's rough.
Brandon Bruning: I saw my dad. He's an a******. f*** him.
Ricky Stebbins: People
Brandon Bruning: Threat my mother with a knife. I'm going to stab you with a knife, little b****. Like stuff like that. f******.
Ricky Stebbins: are going through stuff. He had some mental health problems.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, he does. Big T had food on He had food on his table.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, who helped him?
Brandon Bruning: He go on the ground like an animal and then picks up my mother and go like this. I'm going to stab you with a knife like that.
Ricky Stebbins: I wonder why.
Brandon Bruning: I saw the I saw the whole thing.
Ricky Stebbins: I wonder what happened to him.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know what happened to him. I never seen
Ricky Stebbins: Well, people don't just act like that. So, something happened.
Brandon Bruning: him.
Ricky Stebbins: He got sick and nobody helped him. I like helping people. I want to I want to figure out what happened to people.
 
 
01:56:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: And can we can we help them? Can we bring people back?
Brandon Bruning: I don't
Ricky Stebbins: Like people like Dallas are washed up,
Brandon Bruning: know.
Ricky Stebbins: but I'm not washed up.
Dallas Flaherty: Hey, f*** you. Time, a******.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm just messing with you. But it's funny
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: like
Dallas Flaherty: whacking
Ricky Stebbins: so funny.
Dallas Flaherty: off.
Ricky Stebbins: He's meditating. Got to get into your happy spot. There's people.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: I know. I got to get some paint pen, too. I got I ran out. I just don't feel like walking to the store. It was beautiful out today, so maybe I will take my puppy.
Brandon Bruning: I turn out to hit it too hard. They hit it too hard. I cough my brains out.
Ricky Stebbins: The smalls are the best.
Brandon Bruning: I try to hit it. s***.
Ricky Stebbins: There it goes.
Brandon Bruning: It's very sens. It's wicked sensitive.
 
 
01:57:58
 
Ricky Stebbins: I can't talk and smoke at the same time because then I start coughing. I try to hold it in or I'll try to let it out while I'm talking and then it tickles my throat and forget it.
Brandon Bruning: There we
Ricky Stebbins: But yeah,
Brandon Bruning: go.
Ricky Stebbins: we got to get you guys fishing licenses. It's getting nice out. We'll find some ponds for you to go fishing at and we can Google Meet while we're out fishing. We can talk just like this. We don't even have to hold the camera. probably put a camera on a tripod or on a picnic table and go casting or go bottom fishing, trout fishing,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: or uh catfishing,
Dallas Flaherty: Bass
Ricky Stebbins: bass fishing out here.
Dallas Flaherty: fishing.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We got a lot of uh pick roll.
Brandon Bruning: Wow. I feel full already.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't need to You feel full.
Brandon Bruning: Feel It feels like I'm getting full. Yeah. It feels like I'm getting full now.
 
 
01:58:52
 
Brandon Bruning: Like I wait a while. It takes a while to get
Ricky Stebbins: It's hard when you start eating healthy.
Brandon Bruning: full.
Ricky Stebbins: You just got to wait because you will feel a little hungry and then it wears
Brandon Bruning: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: off.
Brandon Bruning: so you got to wait. Oh, I see.
Ricky Stebbins: Your stomach starts to
Brandon Bruning: It's not eating. Well,
Ricky Stebbins: shrink.
Brandon Bruning: bigger than when you when you when you're eating healthy, your body start changing.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. So when you eat a lot of sugar, it it it ramps up your your metabolism starts trying to process
Brandon Bruning: When if you eat a lot of like if you eat a lot of hamburgers or
Ricky Stebbins: all that sugar and then you're hungry
Brandon Bruning: p eating pizza or eating pasta like um with pasta like
Ricky Stebbins: again.
Brandon Bruning: zucini, you know, zucini that's pasta like stuff like that like zucini or what?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: Macaroni and macaroni and cheese.
Ricky Stebbins: linguini.
Brandon Bruning: That's all carbs. Shouldn't be eating that.
 
 
01:59:41
 
Ricky Stebbins: That's too much.
Brandon Bruning: Pre-diabetic. Don't eat Don't eat mac and cheese because I know
Ricky Stebbins: Everything in
Brandon Bruning: my kid is um I don't want to say it,
Ricky Stebbins: moderation.
Brandon Bruning: but her friend had diabetes and he doesn't eat right and he lose his leg. I mean, he didn't lose his leg, but he lose a couple toes. And so, he doesn't eat right. That's why that's what you told me.
Ricky Stebbins: That happens to lots of people.
Brandon Bruning: in it. And then that's why when you don't eat right, you're going to lose another leg or you're going to lose you're going to lose parts on your bones if you don't eat right. You're going to start eating right.
Ricky Stebbins: That's
Brandon Bruning: But if it diabetes, that's it's hard.
Ricky Stebbins: crazy.
Brandon Bruning: Diabetes is serious. That's a serious problem.
Ricky Stebbins: It is. And our society is the
Brandon Bruning: That happened to my mother.
Ricky Stebbins: worst.
Brandon Bruning: My mother lost her leg because of diabetes and she died from it.
 
 
02:00:28
 
Ricky Stebbins: And the crappy food's the cheapest food.
Brandon Bruning: My mother My mother died from diabetes. Pretty much had a stroke. That's what stroke causes by diabetes. That's how she
Ricky Stebbins: That's terrible,
Brandon Bruning: died.
Ricky Stebbins: rough. That's why we got to try to fix the system. If we don't do everything we can to fix it, people are going to keep suffering and there's no help for anyone out there as it is. Our system is perfectly designed to help people, but it doesn't. It just extracts from them.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, it's it's not a secret. You can't just h you can't hide can't just can't just go to restaurant and say, "Hey, I'm diabetic." Can you say that? No,
Ricky Stebbins: I mean,
Brandon Bruning: don't say that.
Ricky Stebbins: could I mean it's just weird.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: You could It wouldn't bother It would just be weird.
Brandon Bruning: That is that that that weird that be that'd be weird,
Ricky Stebbins: That would be it. That would be it.
 
 
02:01:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: That'd be weird.
Brandon Bruning: right? That' be weird.
Ricky Stebbins: It would just be But it'd be funny. People would laugh like, "What's wrong with that guy?" But they wouldn't be mad at you. You're not doing anything wrong. You're just being silly. That's all.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: It just be people just think it was strange.
Brandon Bruning: Being being silly or something being weird.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that's it. I got diabetes,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. I
Ricky Stebbins: everybody. And then maybe people would actually talk to you.
Brandon Bruning: don't
Ricky Stebbins: I bet you people would talk to you like, "Oh, I have diabetes, too." I guarantee somebody would interact with you other than just ignoring
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Brandon Bruning: my my um my manager at work has diabetes and he tells me don't eat bread, rice, or any cereal or something. Don't eat sugar drinks and stuff like that.
Ricky Stebbins: What is that? How does that help? You know, I'm going to tell you.
 
 
02:02:06
 
Brandon Bruning: Like
Ricky Stebbins: You know how to get rid of diabetes? Climb to the top of a mountain.
Brandon Bruning: yeah, okay.
Ricky Stebbins: How is that going to help?
Brandon Bruning: Climbing on top of the mountain.
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't matter. Just do it.
Brandon Bruning: You got to get rid of the diabetes when you're just climbing top of the
Ricky Stebbins: Why do they tell you like, "Oh, eat healthy.
Brandon Bruning: mountain.
Ricky Stebbins: How How do I eat healthy in this day and age?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. How?
Ricky Stebbins: What do I eat that's healthy?
Brandon Bruning: How eat Why the doctors not telling me how to eat right?
Ricky Stebbins: Why don't they have classes?
Brandon Bruning: Why they not telling me? Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You guys get You work for companies like Bro and Bove could teach
Brandon Bruning: Why they they my career said I went to nutritionist. You know nutritionist?
Ricky Stebbins: you
Brandon Bruning: She said I went to few years ago. How? I I don't remember that. I don't remember about nutritionist, but she told me that you did went to nutritionist years ago and he don't follow it up.
 
 
02:02:55
 
Brandon Bruning: The the omega3 fish oils recommend for my doctor. You saw that, right?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: They said that specially,
Ricky Stebbins: And they can prescribe that to you. But none of those make any sense.
Brandon Bruning: but they said you go they No,
Ricky Stebbins: So you went to a nutritionist years ago.
Brandon Bruning: you said you have to go to the store and buy it. It's off the counter.
Ricky Stebbins: Why?
Brandon Bruning: You go buy it at store.
Ricky Stebbins: They can prescribe it,
Dallas Flaherty: Brand him.
Ricky Stebbins: too.
Brandon Bruning: Omega3 fish oil.
Ricky Stebbins: So you don't have to pay for it. That s***'s expensive. They can prescribe it.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, the game would prescribe it. It said specially recommended. That's what AI said to me,
Ricky Stebbins: They could prescribe it and this is full of
Brandon Bruning: man. Oh, they say stop talking to AI.
Ricky Stebbins: s***
Brandon Bruning: Well, AI tell me the information, dumb ass. Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: and I'll tell you the same information.
 
 
02:03:33
 
Brandon Bruning: my uncle uses AI.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll double check everything AI
Brandon Bruning: AI teaches you everything. That's what my uncle says. I don't give a f***
Ricky Stebbins: says.
Brandon Bruning: what they're talking. I don't even care what they're talking about.
Ricky Stebbins: That's hilarious.
Brandon Bruning: My battery is 20.
Ricky Stebbins: These people are so dumb.
Brandon Bruning: My battery is 20% left. So, might shut off.
Ricky Stebbins: You got to charge it for work, right? Or you got to charge it at
Brandon Bruning: I got to charge it for work.
Ricky Stebbins: work.
Brandon Bruning: What time is it? Oh s***. I got to charge
Ricky Stebbins: You got to get a little stand to charge your stuff
Brandon Bruning: it.
Ricky Stebbins: on. I have long cords. I got like six foot long cords. I can drag my phone all over the place and plug it in across the room if I need to. Are you showering anything for work
Brandon Bruning: What happened after
Ricky Stebbins: or
 
 
02:04:29
 
Brandon Bruning: this?
Ricky Stebbins: I'll be
Brandon Bruning: So
Ricky Stebbins: We lost Brandon.
Brandon Bruning: now
Ricky Stebbins: There you go. Nice. So, what are you going to do to the rest of the night? Dallas.
Dallas Flaherty: I don't know. I might go for a walk after this this thing between us
Ricky Stebbins: It's beautiful out. I'll probably go for a walk,
Dallas Flaherty: ends.
Ricky Stebbins: too. It looks like it's a little dark. I don't think it's supposed to rain again today. I went for a walk yesterday and I went for a
Brandon Bruning: Are people concerned about me?
Ricky Stebbins: run.
Brandon Bruning: Who's concerned about me? Nobody's concerned, right?
Ricky Stebbins: Who's
Brandon Bruning: No
Ricky Stebbins: concerned?
Brandon Bruning: one diabetic is crazy. You lose a leg. That's what uh my my cousin told me. He's like, "From now on, have grilled chicken and some water so you don't lose your leg. You want to lose your leg. You better start eating right, buddy.
 
 
02:06:43
 
Brandon Bruning: If you don't, you're going to lose your leg like your mom did. So, you know, stay away from the, you know, the f******
Ricky Stebbins: Who says s*** like that?
Brandon Bruning: cops.
Ricky Stebbins: Who Who would try to get you scared like that? Oh, you're gonna lose your leg. You better eat right.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, my cousin said that to
Ricky Stebbins: And then But that's not nice.
Brandon Bruning: me.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not helpful.
Brandon Bruning: That's not helpful.
Ricky Stebbins: He's just being pompous ass, you know.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: And it's okay for family to be dumb. I'm not hard on family for being dumb because family loves to give dumb advice. Hey, Brandon, stop eating and you won't get fat.
Brandon Bruning: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: No s***. Starve yourself and you won't be hungry anymore.
Brandon Bruning: Um
Ricky Stebbins: just your stomach will shrink to the point where you won't want to eat anything. That's not helpful advice.
Brandon Bruning: clapping. Good job everybody.
Ricky Stebbins: You got any bad advice for us,
 
 
02:07:41
 
Brandon Bruning: People
Ricky Stebbins: Alice?
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, you better edit out what said
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not editing anything out. f*** this.
Dallas Flaherty: earlier.
Ricky Stebbins: f*** everybody. People can't handle the truth. I guess put some earplugs
Brandon Bruning: can't People can't handle the People can't handle the truth,
Ricky Stebbins: in.
Brandon Bruning: dog. You know what I'm saying? They all suck.
Ricky Stebbins: You can't handle the truth. Don't talk to AI. Don't watch the news.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I don't talk to AI.
Ricky Stebbins: Don't watch any YouTube videos.
Brandon Bruning: I don't talk to the news.
Ricky Stebbins: Don't read.
Brandon Bruning: And he's like, you can talk to AI, but don't don't don't send AI to me because I don't I don't want to say I don't want to see it. You can talk AI, but keep it to yourself. That's what they say.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, you know, AI's been telling me to kill people. I'm not going to tell anybody about it. AI has been helping me build a bomb.
 
 
02:08:35
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not going to tell anybody about it. Keep it to myself.
Brandon Bruning: I do
Ricky Stebbins: People are stupid. I want to talk to people about what I do during the day.
Brandon Bruning: it.
Ricky Stebbins: I went for a walk with my dog and I had fun. I can't talk to people about that. I talked to AI about my diet and it said that I don't eat right. Did somebody help me?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Like like like she cares about me.
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: If people cared,
Brandon Bruning: She can't
Ricky Stebbins: they would help you and they would reach out and they would talk to you. How many other people talk to as much as Dallas and I talk to?
Brandon Bruning: Not really. You You talk the most.
Ricky Stebbins: So me and then Dallas. So how is that possible that a guy you met over the phone last year spends more time with you
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: and talks to you and tries to help you through your problems and is willing to file complaints for
 
 
02:09:30
 
Brandon Bruning: And I told my I told my friend I told my friend and I diabetic.
Ricky Stebbins: you?
Brandon Bruning: You know he says, "What the f*** does that mean? What is that? What the hell is diabetic is? You don't know what it is?" No, I never learned that s*** in school. I'm Kian,
Ricky Stebbins: They might not have a issue with
Brandon Bruning: man. He goes, "I'm K." He go,
Ricky Stebbins: diabetes.
Brandon Bruning: "I'm Kian. I don't I don't know what that is." That's what he said.
Ricky Stebbins: They might not have a lot of that problem there.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. He must be a retard.
Ricky Stebbins: I guarantee you with I seen pictures of Cape Baret and it's beautiful.
Brandon Bruning: He's got to be He's got to be retarded. He's got to be retarded if he doesn't if he doesn't know what diabetic is.
Ricky Stebbins: I,
Brandon Bruning: You know what I'm
Ricky Stebbins: you know, I'm not going to be mean to him. I guarantee if he never experienced that kind of stuff,
 
 
02:10:07
 
Brandon Bruning: saying?
Ricky Stebbins: you wouldn't have a clue. You know, cuz your mom was sick, so you have a better education than other people. You know how hard it is to deal with.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Go.
Brandon Bruning: I can go to work, have some salad, put some cheese on it. The cheese good cheese.
Ricky Stebbins: Not a lot of cheese. What about a chicken salad? Why can't you have a grilled chicken salad?
Brandon Bruning: I got to ask them, "Hey, can you make me a grilled chicken?" Then I put on my
Ricky Stebbins: Well, if they're letting you have fried chicken,
Brandon Bruning: salad.
Ricky Stebbins: they should let you have the grilled chicken.
Brandon Bruning: Right. That's messed up.
Ricky Stebbins: We're just tell I don't want any more fried chicken. I mean, especially because the breading the breading's got sugar in it. Maybe if you man I mean I love fried chicken
Brandon Bruning: Damn.
Ricky Stebbins: though. We got to see because maybe even some breading ain't going to be that bad.
 
 
02:11:14
 
Ricky Stebbins: You're not going to cut out 100% of bread from your diet.
Brandon Bruning: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: That's just not realistic.
Dallas Flaherty: I spoke to Jewel and Jewel.
Ricky Stebbins: You're not going to be able to cut a 100% of anything out of your diet. And you're not going to want to. You're going to want to be healthy. You're going to want to eat things you like eating,
Dallas Flaherty: exhausted.
Ricky Stebbins: just not all the time. Exhausted.
Dallas Flaherty: Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: You got to start doing squats. I thought you were going to practice dancing. We're We're on video now. You could show us some of your sweet dance moves.
Brandon Bruning: He likes you.
Ricky Stebbins: Want to see that Irish jig or the river dance? You said your legs were made for doing the river dance,
Brandon Bruning: Nice.
Ricky Stebbins: right?
Dallas Flaherty: Except um my son's and sons are cheating.
Brandon Bruning: So,
Dallas Flaherty: And he also
Brandon Bruning: let me chat my phone.
Ricky Stebbins: All right,
Brandon Bruning: We can do another meet.
 
 
02:12:38
 
Brandon Bruning: We can do another Google meet, right?
Ricky Stebbins: we can do Google Meet later. We can do tons of Google Meets.
Brandon Bruning: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: We'll talk to you later tonight or tomorrow.
Brandon Bruning: I haven't tried my
Ricky Stebbins: Have fun at work,
Brandon Bruning: phone.
Ricky Stebbins: buddy.
Dallas Flaherty: work.
Brandon Bruning: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Peace.
Brandon Bruning: Peace. So,
Dallas Flaherty: I'll talk peace. Damn,
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Dallas Flaherty: that was that s***
Ricky Stebbins: yeah,
Dallas Flaherty: was intense,
Ricky Stebbins: dude. Uh, these conversations are brutal,
Dallas Flaherty: dude.
Ricky Stebbins: but we have to get these conversations out there. I'm not holding this f****** s*** in ever the f*** again. If I'm mad about something, f****** speak up. Otherwise,
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, caregiver.
Ricky Stebbins: nothing's ever going to get solved.
Dallas Flaherty: You were pissed about his caregiver.
Ricky Stebbins: Dude, they talk to him like a f****** a****** 24/7.
Dallas Flaherty: Hey.
Ricky Stebbins: It's bad.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, you
Ricky Stebbins: You know,
Dallas Flaherty: do.
Ricky Stebbins: it's not it's what she's doing pisses me off, but it's not her that pisses me off.
 
 
02:13:35
 
Ricky Stebbins: You know what I mean?
Dallas Flaherty: No, I don't know what you mean cuz she does piss me
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. But then she It's just her behavior.
Dallas Flaherty: off.
Ricky Stebbins: And once she changes, she's not going to piss you off anymore. It's what she's doing that's
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: wrong. That's all right.
Dallas Flaherty: I was playing with the filter that they had down
Ricky Stebbins: The fil Oh,
Dallas Flaherty: there.
Ricky Stebbins: the the filter is hilarious. You can make yourself look so goofpy. So, yeah, I should probably go for a walk, too, or get something to eat. Sitting here for hours. And I should probably write some more other stuff. So yeah, if you're bored later, give me a call.
Dallas Flaherty: That's
Ricky Stebbins: We'll do another Google Meet or We got to start figuring out something else to do. Watch TV. I mean, we were talking about specific stuff this last call. So, but I would love to do stuff while we're talking.
 
 
02:14:48
 
Ricky Stebbins: If we could build towards something, start writing more constructive conversations.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't mind as relaxing. I want to plan something. Hey, we're going to do
Dallas Flaherty: I should write about the last few,
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Dallas Flaherty: no, the the last hospital visit I had and the court visit I had
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: today.
Ricky Stebbins: And we can talk about it and transcribe it because you'll add more details when we talk and then we'll have it for the
Dallas Flaherty: But here's the thing,
Ricky Stebbins: future.
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky. It wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be because I thought I was going to jail. I was like to the magistrate. I was like, "Am I going to jail or am I getting locked up?" And he's like, "Well, if they if your mother decides to continue on with the case then, but we'll take it step by step." And she said, "Well, I don't want to have it go any further,
Ricky Stebbins: I think it's f******
 
 
02:15:39
 
Dallas Flaherty: so I got
Ricky Stebbins: hilarious that guy said that. I would love to hear that because I'm like, "Oh, really?" If his mother decides to die that m*********** because now it's on. You're a f****** c*********** piece of f****** s***. And I hope that f****** loser hears this. f*** all you people. They're going to put you in jail, you f****** pieces of s***. f****** loser judges. Like you're on notice now you cocked f****** pieces of f****** s*** f****** with disabled people.
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky, there was no judge there. It was just the
Ricky Stebbins: Doesn't matter who the magistrate is. They're all f****** losers. They're all f****** losers.
Dallas Flaherty: magistrate.
Ricky Stebbins: f*** them all. I don't give a f*** what they say or what they f****** think. If they're not going to have a conversation publicly about it and record it, they can go eat f****** s***. What are you going to do about it? Oh, we're going to have a back room conversation.
 
 
02:16:25
 
Ricky Stebbins: f*** no we're not. We're never going to have a backroom conversation about anything ever. No secret f****** anything. I don't have any secrets. I don't give a f***. Oh my god. You got my phone and you you found out what I jerk off to. I don't care. I don't care about anything. Nothing I have matters.
Dallas Flaherty: care about
Ricky Stebbins: You can talk as much s***. Yeah. I care about somebody. You can't hurt my feelings. You're not going to f*** with me and make me feel embarrassed about anything. What? I don't care about the things people say. I'm happy anyway. I mean, I'm disgusted with the way my friends are being treated and the the things I see going on around me,
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: but
Dallas Flaherty: I Ricky again.
Ricky Stebbins: yeah,
Dallas Flaherty: I really appreciate you sticking up for me and my buddies, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: it's hard if we don't and you stick up for me.
 
 
02:17:19
 
Ricky Stebbins: The fact that you're speaking up is you're sticking up for me as well. Because if if I was wrong, like, "Oh, Ricky's wrong." You'd be able to shut me down. Like, oh, we need to shut this m***********
Dallas Flaherty: He was talking about hurting people.
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm like, "No,
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly. But it makes us want to hurt people, doesn't it?
Dallas Flaherty: then you're going to go to jail.
Ricky Stebbins: And you heard the same thing. Brandon's getting upset. He wants to shoot people. Why? Because we're being ignored. And it's a totally normal human reaction to want to lash out when you're being ignored. When you know the system is supposed to help you, but they're profiting off of your suffering. That's a tough pill to swallow.
Dallas Flaherty: Yay.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why I want to expose it all because f***
Dallas Flaherty: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: it. I just want to help people. At the end of the day, if we expose all this stuff, it's going to help people.
 
 
02:18:14
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's not going to hurt anyone except for like monsters.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Well, you know that piece of paper you sent me to have signed to have um to get my medical records.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm going to have my mother help me out with
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. You just got to sign it,
Dallas Flaherty: that.
Ricky Stebbins: date it, and then you got to take a picture of your license or your ID and just email it to that
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: woman.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, can you send me her email link
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Dallas Flaherty: or goddamn life?
Ricky Stebbins: Well, we got to contact BMC as well and get your uh your records from there.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: because I guarantee that they didn't do anything to help you and their records are going to reflect that which I think is
Dallas Flaherty: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: awesome.
Dallas Flaherty: it self
Ricky Stebbins: The records, the paperwork will will reflect they didn't help you at
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: all.
Dallas Flaherty: You're talking about the emergency room though,
 
 
02:19:38
 
Ricky Stebbins: No. Well,
Dallas Flaherty: right?
Ricky Stebbins: the emergency room records will probably match the psych ward records. Oh, he came in blah blah blah and then we did nothing to help
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: him.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, same with the Boston Medical Center Mental Health Hospital. They didn't do nothing to help me neither.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, exactly. We're going to prove that.
Dallas Flaherty: They just drugged me up and I was getting anxiety the entire time I was in there. I didn't feel comfortable in there. There was there was nothing to do in there except for go out to like the basketball court or whatever they had like that was uh fenced in, you know? So like what the hell,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Dallas Flaherty: dude? I was in there for like seven days.
Ricky Stebbins: that sucks.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, I was in there for a week.
Ricky Stebbins: There, I texted it to you. That's her email address. This way, you'll have the Westboro records to match mine. And it'll be fun because they're the same time frame as mine.
 
 
02:21:23
 
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know how many other people have matching mental health records placed online, but I can guarantee there's probably none. Or you and I are going to be the only ones.
Dallas Flaherty: that
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, you just copy that link and email it to our That's the email.
Dallas Flaherty: link.
Ricky Stebbins: That's our email address. You got your Gmail. But last time I tried to send it to you, it it made it
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. And it probably didn't go
Ricky Stebbins: funky.
Dallas Flaherty: through. Yeah. So, Brandon's all f***** up and pissed off. I don't blame him
Ricky Stebbins: He should be pissed.
Dallas Flaherty: neither.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to be treated like trash and ignored.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, Ricky, I'm going to open this up and you tell me where I got to sign it.
Ricky Stebbins: just at the bottom.
Dallas Flaherty: Hold on. Let me see.
Ricky Stebbins: I think I filled out everything for you. Yeah, just where the red marks are.
 
 
02:22:54
 
Dallas Flaherty: the arrows. All right. Well, what's all this up
Ricky Stebbins: I already filled it out.
Dallas Flaherty: here?
Ricky Stebbins: I filled out the same way I filled out my own. That's why I know it's right. She sent me my medical records. The only difference is you have to sign that and then make sure you take a picture of your ID.
Dallas Flaherty: What's today's date, Ricky? What about where it says guardian or other? So I don't have to fill that out.
Ricky Stebbins: Nope.
Dallas Flaherty: So what's today's
Ricky Stebbins: Uh 331
Dallas Flaherty: date?
Ricky Stebbins: 2026
Dallas Flaherty: witness signature.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think you need that. I thought their guardian or
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, my mother's sitting right
Ricky Stebbins: something.
Dallas Flaherty: here. All right, I think we're good here.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: She just needs the copy of the ID, not the
Ricky Stebbins: just a a picture of it.
Dallas Flaherty: the
Ricky Stebbins: Like I sent a picture of mine just cuz to prove who who you are and that you are actually who you say you are.
 
 
02:24:56
 
Dallas Flaherty: So, do I just send a picture of the idea?
Ricky Stebbins: You send a picture. Oh, you're going to take a picture of that piece of paper and a picture of of your ID and send it to
Dallas Flaherty: Both
Ricky Stebbins: her. You should be able to just put that piece of paper flat down on a table and take a nice clear picture of it. Or you're going to have to I mean, you're going to your sister's house, right? She must have a scanner. You can scan it and email it.
Dallas Flaherty: heat. All right, Ricky. Now, now that I did that, do I go back to the
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Dallas Flaherty: email
Ricky Stebbins: you're going to you're going to start a new email.
Dallas Flaherty: subject? What?
Ricky Stebbins: Records request
Dallas Flaherty: Compose email.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: You have to
Ricky Stebbins: So not you want to add the picture of the request and your
Dallas Flaherty: write
Ricky Stebbins: ID and then in the sub in the lines just email me a copy of my medical records all of them print in the paperwork but
 
 
02:26:41
 
Dallas Flaherty: All right, I got it. I think I got it, Doug. I believe I sent it to her. Did I?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Dallas Flaherty: I did well I hit send
Ricky Stebbins: You'll find out tomorrow or tonight.
Dallas Flaherty: so
Ricky Stebbins: She'll send you information letting you know she got it. If there's any problems, he'll write you back.
Dallas Flaherty: do you want this back this piece of paper
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Dallas Flaherty: or All right
Ricky Stebbins: just save it until you get your records. Then you can check it.
Dallas Flaherty: cuz I don't know what else to do now but now I finally got got That
Ricky Stebbins: Once you get your medical records,
Dallas Flaherty: done
Ricky Stebbins: you'll be able to put them on your blogger. will write a story about it. Like, oh yeah, I went to Westboro Pearl and this is my medical records that they did nothing to help me with.
Dallas Flaherty: this part done. You know what I
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: mean?
Ricky Stebbins: Slowly but surely, we're getting things ready, moving along.
 
 
02:28:12
 
Dallas Flaherty: Hang
Ricky Stebbins: No
Dallas Flaherty: on.
Ricky Stebbins: worries.
Dallas Flaherty: That was rough. s***. Actually pretty nice out right now.
Ricky Stebbins: Dude, I asked Kevin, I keep talking to these AI while we're talking. I'll send him little s***. And it's like if if there's any free AI, like an unrestricted AI, my project is ready to hit the ground running. Like, I'm already using AI like a partner, treating it like a partner. Yeah, sure. I treat it like it's a f****** a****** because it acts like a f****** a******, but it's going to understand why I think exactly the way I f****** think and why I think I act like a f****** a****** at times, too. So, it's not just that you're a f****** a******. Like, I could be a f****** a******, too,
Dallas Flaherty: What? kind of like an a****** right now.
Ricky Stebbins: right? And we need to let like AI understand that.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's like when I say things that get you upset, if you don't tell me that you find them upsetting, I'll never
 
 
02:30:38
 
Dallas Flaherty: When you were getting upset and like in a rant and everything and very angry with when you were talking with
Ricky Stebbins: stop
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon, I was sitting there s*******. I was scared, dude. You were scaring me to be honest with you. You are literally scaring the s*** out of
Ricky Stebbins: and that will calm down when that stuff bothers you. I notice Dallas is getting a little upset.
Dallas Flaherty: me.
Ricky Stebbins: This conversation seems to be getting a little too heated or appears to be heated cuz I'm not going to fight anyone. I'm at home sitting down relaxing.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, but I was just getting It's not that you know like I was or anything.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not you.
Dallas Flaherty: I was just scared because the way you were looking when you were angry I was like oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I let my rage focus. Oh, I let my mind go right to the hate. f*** this. I want AI to understand why I'm so f****** disgusted. Why am I so full of hate and rage and and I'm at the same time helping all these
 
 
02:31:35
 
Dallas Flaherty: people who don't want to help us.
Ricky Stebbins: people and it's not that they just don't
Dallas Flaherty: That's why
Ricky Stebbins: want to. People don't know how to and people feel powerless. And I don't want to s*** all over everybody. But I'm going to act like a f****** a****** while I do all this so everybody understands that this is a serious f****** problem. I'm not here to hurt you. I'm here to educate you. End of discussion.
Dallas Flaherty: and be my advocate if I need
Ricky Stebbins: Well, not you. I'm like other people. I'm not here to f*** other people over.
Dallas Flaherty: to.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not here to f*** these these workers over that have wronged you. So what? Somebody wronged you. I don't give a f***. We're here to fix the system and to prevent them from hurting other people. And chances are we need to educate them,
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: not punish them.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm very grateful though that I didn't uh end up in, you know, locked up
 
 
02:32:24
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm grateful, too. But at the same time,
Dallas Flaherty: today.
Ricky Stebbins: you that wouldn't have happened to you. I would have thrown such a f****** s*** show. I would have been able to go f****** crazy. I would have been able to rent your car and drive there and probably throw a brick through the courthouse window if they arrested you and did that s***. And I'd be able to get away with
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Dallas Flaherty: And the magistrate I was talking with him and he understood my whole thing with because
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Dallas Flaherty: I
Ricky Stebbins: he didn't. Because he would have gotten you help. He would have said,
Dallas Flaherty: No.
Ricky Stebbins: "You know what, Dallas? You need to get into a program. We're not going to abandon
Dallas Flaherty: Well, you know what he did say?
Ricky Stebbins: you." Is
Dallas Flaherty: He's like, "Stay on the pills and you know, continue talking with your psych.
Ricky Stebbins: he a medical professional? Is he a medical professional saying the pills?
 
 
02:33:03
 
Ricky Stebbins: Is he a doctor? Why are you taking the pills? Can you explain to me why you're taking the pills? Brandon can't.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, me I can't well to control the anxiety but still and the depression but I'm tired of taking pills you know I want to look at different alternative you know and the magistry is like oh stay on your medication uh well for now until I find something
Ricky Stebbins: until I find a better alternative.
Dallas Flaherty: different.
Ricky Stebbins: Of course, I'm going to stay on. What am I What am I supposed to do? You're not giving me options, doctor. Oh my gosh.
Dallas Flaherty: So why am I
Ricky Stebbins: I want options. I don't want to just be told I need to do this or that.
Dallas Flaherty: gonna?
Ricky Stebbins: I want to know why. I want to be a part of the process. Whether anybody likes it or not, I don't care. I want to know. Same thing if you ask me, "What are you doing, Ricky?" I will explain all of it to
 
 
02:33:59
 
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Well,
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm sure my mother appreciates you trying to help me out right
Ricky Stebbins: It's a pain.
Dallas Flaherty: now.
Ricky Stebbins: Probably sounds annoying right now. She doesn't get it. That's fine.
Dallas Flaherty: If you don't understand it right now, when it's
Ricky Stebbins: You know, the funny thing is my AI says the same thing,
Dallas Flaherty: all
Ricky Stebbins: too. Like, people don't understand what I'm saying because I'm trying to throw 40 years worth of crimes at you and people can't process everything I'm talking about. That's why we have AI to summarize it for you. Oh, Ricky knows what he's talking about. And when you have the time, I'll explain it to you. But it's not a five minute conversation.
Dallas Flaherty: That's
Ricky Stebbins: You, me, and Brandon have hours and hours and hours worth of video and conversations that AI can go over in a second
Dallas Flaherty: more
Ricky Stebbins: and understand our problems instantly and can explain it to other
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. And Ricky,
 
 
02:34:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: people.
Dallas Flaherty: when did we first start doing the Google Meets? Was it right after we got out of the
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. I don't think so.
Dallas Flaherty: hospital?
Ricky Stebbins: I think it was a few months ago. I had to pay for it. I had to It wasn't working. The Google Transcripts weren't working.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, yeah. That's right. So, there was a
Ricky Stebbins: Well, we still had to write. I still had to do a lot of writing.
Dallas Flaherty: stall.
Ricky Stebbins: I had to build something to attach all these stories to in the first place, which is funny because I've got hundreds and hundreds of stories. All kinds of information that AI normally doesn't have access to.
Dallas Flaherty: And you said something about the FBI or something the other
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, these lazy, stupid c*** f****,
Dallas Flaherty: night.
Ricky Stebbins: FBI, the Department of Justice, they're all going down, too. They're all going to be exposed. Like, I don't want to destroy these institutions, but they need to be fixed and exposed for what they're doing in the discussion.
 
 
02:35:58
 
Ricky Stebbins: DARPA,
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: what is DARPA doing with all these super advanced AI that we're not allowed to have any contact with?
Dallas Flaherty: DARPA. I heard of
Ricky Stebbins: Look into DARPA.
Dallas Flaherty: that.
Ricky Stebbins: You would love these videos. It's a military organization inside the United States that does all kinds of top secret super high-tech cool stuff that we'll never see.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: That's where AI came from. It came from in the first place.
Dallas Flaherty: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know exactly where the most advanced AI is hiding, but it sure isn't at MIT or any other institution that we are able to access in any way, shape, or form.
Dallas Flaherty: What about 51?
Ricky Stebbins: probably there. That could be what they're building, too. Underneath the White House, they're building some military complex underneath that ballroom. It could probably
Dallas Flaherty: Maybe.
Ricky Stebbins: AI,
Dallas Flaherty: Well, there's certain stuff that my uh nephew can't tell me because it's top secret or whatever.
Ricky Stebbins: you know, the funny thing is he's got nothing important to tell anybody.
 
 
02:37:04
 
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I can't tell you about this.
Dallas Flaherty: Plus,
Ricky Stebbins: And if you told you,
Dallas Flaherty: he's a
Ricky Stebbins: nobody would care. Oh my god, we got a bomb. Great. Everybody's got bombs. We're We're killing people. Everybody's killing people. There's nothing your nephew or cousins family could ever say to us that would surprise me. Uh like 90% of our elected officials are sexual predators. So, what is your ne what is he gonna say? I'm covering up. What's Brandon calling for? What's up? said number on the edge of a I want to see the numbers. You deserve to see the numbers. Oh man. And your man and they get you all upset and it's not even that bad yet. Yeah. This is super f***** up.
Dallas Flaherty: Hey Ricky, I got to go.
Ricky Stebbins: All right, I'll talk to you later,
Dallas Flaherty: So Google me when I get back.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas.
Dallas Flaherty: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Peace.
Dallas Flaherty: All right. Peace.
 
 
Transcription ended after 02:38:36

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
