Apr 2, 2026
Dallas and Brandon - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I'm here. Peace. Got to log in, Brandon. Yes. I am not sure exactly what your baseline is. That's why I don't want to tell you, oh, you have to worry about this. Everybody needs to worry about their diets. Dallas is in the meeting. All right.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yo. Ricky, I can't hear you.
Ricky Stebbins: I was saying bye to Brandon.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I Oh, I I couldn't hear you,
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't want to talk to Brandon and you at the same
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: dude.
Ricky Stebbins: time.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Um, so yeah, that email that I sent you through
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, you'll have to open up your screen share and show me if that actually opens up to your medical record or
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: text
Ricky Stebbins: not. I don't know. It might not. It doesn't say that
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: All
Ricky Stebbins: it
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: right, Ricky. I'm going to Okay, here we go. No, wrong one.
 
 
00:02:23
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Ricky right here.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, it says expect to receive records by what's it say? By delivery method you selected. Is that the same email that you just had? No.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah. And look at this.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Look at down on the bottom.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yeah.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: secure authorization for
Ricky Stebbins: That's just if you wanted a copy of If you want to make a copy of the release.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: release or protected health information.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, this is not the record itself. You got to wait for the record.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So, this isn't the record itself right here.
Ricky Stebbins: No, that's just the release form.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh, okay. I got confused. I thought that was the record
Ricky Stebbins: That's fine. No,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: itself.
Ricky Stebbins: but that's your that's your record release. Not your actual record. just the form that you filled out to request
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: it.
 
 
00:03:17
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: all right. I was all confused and
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I mean, that would have been awesome if you got it that fast,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: s***
Ricky Stebbins: but
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: cuz I thought I really did get it that fast. I'm like, "Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: and we need to request have Brandon request his medical records to show that they're not helping him either.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: What is Brandon going to work right
Ricky Stebbins: No, I don't know. He didn't uh I don't know what he's doing.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: now?
Ricky Stebbins: I told him to to call in. I can't talk to you and him on two different devices in two different ears and have it make sense. Bless you, man. Yes.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, and I'm excited for other medical records to be requested and placed online. This is going to be
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: that
Ricky Stebbins: awesome.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh, I forgot something. Yeah, Ricky, I'm just glad that I got that done last night.
 
 
00:04:50
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You helped me get that done. The uh what do you call it? Westbar documents.
Ricky Stebbins: And we're getting your Boston Medical Center South records. And I'm requesting other records of my own. This is such a pain. So annoying. This should be easier.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah, but it really
Ricky Stebbins: But that's all right.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: isn't
Ricky Stebbins: We've got them. And we can prove that throughout decades and decades, they haven't been doing their jobs. They've been lying to us and lying to us and trying to get us to believe their lies and their lies about us.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yep. Another
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: dreary day today.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you were supposed to go outside and do one of your uh happy dances. You said your leg was feeling better.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I wish it felt better.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I hope it does soon. Well, I got to get some breaking done at some point.
 
 
00:06:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I didn't do any raking yesterday. I should have, but you know, it's still chilly out, so there's we're still early in the season.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if all the bees have awoken from hibernation yet.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I've seen quite a few bees though flying
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: around. Every time I see a bumblebee, I'm like, "Hey, it's Muhammad Ali. The champ is
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: back. You get your early morning smoke session yet?
Ricky Stebbins: I smoked a little bit.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Nice. I always wake and
Ricky Stebbins: I mean,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: bake.
Ricky Stebbins: this just a boring day. It's chilly out. Supposed to be crummy for hours. I mean, I love this weather, but it's chilly out today. Yesterday it was 80 and it was rainy, so that was nice. Today, it's 38.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah, but it's still nice out. It's not like 32 degrees. You're freezing.
 
 
00:07:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm still going to hide inside for the day.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I was
Ricky Stebbins: Tomorrow's supposed to be 60 Saturday.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: saying,
Ricky Stebbins: 65.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: the only time I'm going to step out is to have a smoke.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to go for a walk.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm not going to smoke much today, though. I need a break.
Ricky Stebbins: You're smoking right now.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I know. That's why I I said I'm not going to smoke that much today.
Ricky Stebbins: Not much after this.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I hear you.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh f***. Ah s***. Yeah. Tell me if this is enough space, Ricky.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. Especially for two people. That's a lot of space.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh s***. What did I do wrong?
Ricky Stebbins: What? Turn your camera
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: around.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I I I hit the other button next to it.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I don't care.
 
 
00:09:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: You can show me around the apartment.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh, it's not much to look at. Like, this is the living
Ricky Stebbins: Hopefully when I go fishing,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: room.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll be able to take you like take the camera and set it up, show you any fish I
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: That's the chair my mother bought me.
Ricky Stebbins: catch.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: That was a $300 chair.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. And the cat scratches it for you. You
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You f****** b****.
Ricky Stebbins: said
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Look what she f****** did to it, dude. It's all f****** jacked up.
Ricky Stebbins: she customized it for you.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Cats like the scratch stuff.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: dude. Look where she is right now. You see that lump in the couch?
Ricky Stebbins: Mhm.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: She's underneath.
Ricky Stebbins: Hiding. It's a chilly day. Kitty's nice and
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: warm.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: she went in there and head underneath the cover.
 
 
00:10:06
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: When the guys came in with the fridge,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yeah.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: she scrambled,
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't want anything to do with those
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: dude. She's like, "I'm out of here.
Ricky Stebbins: guys. That's too funny, man.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Got a little bit of Eric Clapton playing in the background. Got to take it easy today. Oh, I still got some booze in the cubby. Maybe I'll have a drink later.
Ricky Stebbins: later. Oh my gosh. It's not even 10:00 a.m. yet and you're talking about drinking.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Well, but later on, dude, around 5:' I'll start cracking.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I thought you meant like
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No, not 10:30.
Ricky Stebbins: 10:30.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm Yeah. My name's Al. Second name Coholic. alcoholic.
Ricky Stebbins: That's too funny.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh, rusty and dull.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, so when's your uh talk to your buddy Tom or Steve lately?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I've been trying Oh, there he is.
 
 
00:11:32
 
Ricky Stebbins: I bet you he's swearing at us.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Just out of nowhere.
Ricky Stebbins: That's why he hit the mute button. He's mad. He said I was fat earlier and I smelled
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Ah, probably like rotten cheddar cheese.
Ricky Stebbins: There you
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yo,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: go.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: did you tell Ricky here that he smelt like rotten stinking nasty cheddar cheese?
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe I guess
Brandon Bruning: jeez.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Cheddar cheese stank.
Ricky Stebbins: I
Brandon Bruning: Now, now they're saying, now they're saying it's normal. It's 5.6,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Uh
Brandon Bruning: Brandon. It's normal. Stop worrying about your stop worrying about it, Brandon. Stop worrying it. Everything's normal except the kidneys and some stuff you got to worry about. So stop thinking about it because
Ricky Stebbins: Why did you think about it in the first place?
Brandon Bruning: someone told me I'm B diabetes.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: second
Brandon Bruning: You heard
Ricky Stebbins: Somebody came in your room and started accusing you and blaming you for being
 
 
00:12:26
 
Brandon Bruning: that?
Ricky Stebbins: pre-diabetic. I heard that.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And and now they're wondering why you're worried about it because somebody came in the room and was
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. And
Ricky Stebbins: really rude to you and told you it's your fault.
Brandon Bruning: yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: It's your fault you're
Brandon Bruning: I'm not I'm I'm not pre-diabetic if it's 5.6,
Ricky Stebbins: healthy.
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: It's close. But that's like going outside and getting a tan.
Brandon Bruning: That's Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: You're getting close to getting burned. You should get out of the sun.
Brandon Bruning: you mean it's close?
Ricky Stebbins: It's close.
Brandon Bruning: That's close.
Ricky Stebbins: It's like you're getting close to getting hit by a car. Get out of the road. If you keep doing what you're doing,
Brandon Bruning: What's the normal range?
Ricky Stebbins: it'll be bad.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Keep exercising.
Brandon Bruning: What's with the normal What's the normal
Ricky Stebbins: You're healthy right now. Right now, you're healthy. Right now, you're in the normal range.
 
 
00:13:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: You're getting close to being unhealthy.
Brandon Bruning: range?
Ricky Stebbins: But you were partying all weekend. You were dehydrated. And they didn't check you were healthy. They didn't make sure you were hydrated. And then they accused you of being unhealthy.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Oh wow.
Ricky Stebbins: This is how we get them.
Brandon Bruning: How the hell you know this s***?
Ricky Stebbins: They are so full of s***. We got Dallas's medical records, part of them last night and put We're going to put them online.
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah, you did. And is it is it good?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yes.
Brandon Bruning: Is it good or
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yeah. Oh, it's good.
Brandon Bruning: bad?
Ricky Stebbins: It's bad for them. It's good for us.
Brandon Bruning: So his levels are good.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yeah. His levels are good,
Brandon Bruning: Everything's good.
Ricky Stebbins: but they're f****** with him. They're not giving him the treatment he deserves.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It's got nothing to do with Let me cut you cut you off for a second, Ricky.
 
 
00:14:05
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm sorry, but Brandon, the thing with my records is it's got nothing to do with levels. The levels of
Ricky Stebbins: It does. It does have something to do with your levels. Not your blood levels, the levels of the drugs they're giving you. And they're not doing other tests first.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, that's What's the problem? They should do test first before they give me medicine, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas should be getting other tests because of his shunt.
Brandon Bruning: Maybe
Ricky Stebbins: And they're not.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Brandon Bruning: that's
Ricky Stebbins: we can prove that Dallas, why don't they have this extra blood work?
Brandon Bruning: f***.
Ricky Stebbins: Why don't they have the scans to see what's going on with Dallas instead of just offering him drugs that he says he doesn't like? The drugs don't make me feel good.
Brandon Bruning: So I am so so so I'm kind So I am healthy then.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas would like a life.
Brandon Bruning: So I'm healthy then except my kid except my kidneys.
 
 
00:14:55
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And but you have one
Brandon Bruning: My kidneys are a little high but that's what they say. But that mean I'm probably I'm
Ricky Stebbins: kidney, so it's expected to be high.
Brandon Bruning: probably Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So you need to exercise. We need to encourage you to eat healthy all the time because we care about
Brandon Bruning: So I'm just I got I have to drink a lot of
Ricky Stebbins: you,
Brandon Bruning: water.
Ricky Stebbins: but not a lot of water. You need to drink a balanced amount of water.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Okay. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: about. You can't just drink a ton of water because it'll overhydrate you and then you'll go to the bathroom all the time and you'll be peeing out all your vitamins, minerals, and that'll cause all kinds of other problems.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: You can't force yourself to drink. If you're not thirsty, don't drink.
Brandon Bruning: yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: If you're not hungry, don't eat. And if you are thirsty, drink. And if it starts to be a problem and you notice you're thirsty all the time, document it.
 
 
00:15:45
 
Brandon Bruning: that Bobby. carbohydrates. Well, that be a lesson.
Ricky Stebbins: We have to teach you how to to document all
Brandon Bruning: Um, oh, my my uncle my my uncle sent me a
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Brandon Bruning: text. So,
Ricky Stebbins: No worries.
Brandon Bruning: well, let be a lesson. If you don't change your bad eating habits, I mean, it says, well, let it be a lesson then. If you don't change your bad eating habits, you will get diabetic like everybody else. That is terrible. You know better now to eat. You know better now to eat healthy. You go back to eating steak bombs and French fries. As you get older, you develop full-blown diabetes. So learn from all of these. Eat better. After you lose the weight, you can have a bad day once a week and eat a few things like steak and rice, but you need to lose weight first or else. You are smart and you are tough. So you can do it, bud.
 
 
00:16:42
 
Brandon Bruning: That's what he said.
Ricky Stebbins: That sounds like a stranger. Like, hey guy across the country, have a great life. I, you know, you need to eat healthy. You know, if I have to talk to you, I will. But Who talks like that? Why doesn't someone want to do things with you? Why do they all want you to do it yourself?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. Get ask
Ricky Stebbins: Hey, Brandon, you know how to you know how to learn,
Brandon Bruning: them
Ricky Stebbins: right? Brandon, can you learn how to build a car for me? You know how to learn, Brandon?
Brandon Bruning: casual.
Ricky Stebbins: You should learn to do this. said, "And you should learn to do that." You know how you know how to do everything if you learn.
Brandon Bruning: Hey,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh.
Brandon Bruning: if you were going to be in trouble for this.
Ricky Stebbins: For what? What did you do? So,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: you're being nice and you have trouble remembering things.
 
 
00:17:45
 
Brandon Bruning: What? What's so she's is So is he
Ricky Stebbins: We know you have trouble remembering things. So,
Brandon Bruning: accusing me right now? What he's saying?
Ricky Stebbins: no, you're No,
Brandon Bruning: I sent her to a text message.
Ricky Stebbins: he's he's giving you worthless advice. Hey, Brandon, did you know if you take a shower, you'll be clean? Make sure to take showers, Brandon. Make sure you'll be clean. Uh, you know what? So,
Brandon Bruning: What should I What should What should I text?
Ricky Stebbins: what
Brandon Bruning: What should I text him? Hey, can I buy Can I um Can I build a
Ricky Stebbins: that's great advice.
Brandon Bruning: car?
Ricky Stebbins: You know, I'm going I'm going to do that after I learn to build Ricky a spaceship.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Ricky wants me to learn to build him a spaceship first by myself,
Brandon Bruning: Sure.
Ricky Stebbins: too.
Brandon Bruning: You want me to build a car for you?
Ricky Stebbins: You could learn to do anything.
 
 
00:18:44
 
Ricky Stebbins: You know, you know everything, Brandon.
Brandon Bruning: Sure. You want me build a car for you? Sure. Sure. It's a It's a joke, you know. I just said that to him.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yeah, it's a joke.
Brandon Bruning: Just a joke.
Ricky Stebbins: We're not He's just silly, you know. He doesn't make any sense. And he doesn't even realize what he's saying doesn't make any
Brandon Bruning: But nobody makes sense sometimes.
Ricky Stebbins: sense.
Brandon Bruning: But they do. But I don't know. They just they don't know what to do. That's all. They just don't know what to do.
Ricky Stebbins: He doesn't know what to do,
Brandon Bruning: That's all.
Ricky Stebbins: so he just offers you silly advice.
Brandon Bruning: That's they they don't
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon,
Brandon Bruning: know that.
Ricky Stebbins: reach reach out the force.
Brandon Bruning: They don't know really what I mean.
Ricky Stebbins: Use the force, Brandon. Like Master Yoda
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: said,
Brandon Bruning: that's so so I mean this so it mean 5.3 mean close to pre be diabetic as
 
 
00:19:39
 
Ricky Stebbins: and you were partying all weekend,
Brandon Bruning: close.
Ricky Stebbins: so that probably has a lot to do with it. A lot to do with it. Why don't they make sure that you haven't had any alcohol or sugar in a day and then make
Brandon Bruning: What the? What the
Ricky Stebbins: sure Yeah. Don't drink any alcohol for two days a day and then do blood work and see what your kidney levels
Brandon Bruning: beer?
Ricky Stebbins: are. Don't trust anyone to just oh my gosh, you're close and then they come in yelling at you. Well, they weren't yelling, but they were allowed and they were rude,
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: but they weren't yelling, but it was rude.
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And I was disgusted when I heard that. It's not your fault that you're you're close. You have one kidney and your your levels are close to pre-diabetic, but you're not pre-diabetic yet. And it's better than it was last time.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: It's like you're healthier even though you were partying.
 
 
00:20:27
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, that's what happened.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh.
Brandon Bruning: So, stop
Ricky Stebbins: So then that maybe you should party more then.
Brandon Bruning: partying.
Ricky Stebbins: If your levels got better and you've been partying, maybe you could got to keep partying and get better.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, right. Yeah. Okay. That's f***** up.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, we're going to yell at you. We might as well encourage you to do bad thing. We're going to yell at you for being healthy. So,
Brandon Bruning: Stay away from Stay away.
Ricky Stebbins: we'll be nice and encourage you to do bad things.
Brandon Bruning: Stay away from alcohol.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't need alcohol. You got the weed. The weed's nice. It helps people relax. Alcohol gives people
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: silly.
Brandon Bruning: It makes people mad or angry or happy or sad. They make all all kinds of s***. That's what it does to me sometime when I drink.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: When I drink, sometimes I'll get happy and sometimes I'll be sad or sometime I get mad.
 
 
00:21:18
 
Brandon Bruning: If I drink too much, I'll get mad or something.
Ricky Stebbins: everyone is like that. And people lie and say they're they're fine.
Brandon Bruning: That's Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm fine. I'm fine. No, you're not. You're trashed.
Brandon Bruning: No, you're f****** You're drunk. You ain't fine. Trash.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Put the ball
Brandon Bruning: Hey, I'm drunk. Everybody, look at me. You walk around like this.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: down.
Ricky Stebbins: The more I The more I drink,
Brandon Bruning: Hey, look at me.
Ricky Stebbins: the more sober I fine. I'm fine. Like, dude, you can't even walk. I'm fine.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Give me the K.
Brandon Bruning: I
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Give me the key. Ricky,
Brandon Bruning: know.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you're too drunk to drive. You're drunk. Give me the
Ricky Stebbins: I'm fine. Like, you can't even walk. I can drive.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: key.
Ricky Stebbins: What? No.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, you're drunk.
 
 
00:21:59
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, you're drunk, Dallas.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know why drunk people have no common
Brandon Bruning: Look at you.
Ricky Stebbins: sense.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Stone.
Brandon Bruning: Dallas. Dallas is drug sold. How you like that,
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't see him drinking yet.
Brandon Bruning: b****?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm not about
Ricky Stebbins: It's It's not 10:30.
Brandon Bruning: How you like that,
Ricky Stebbins: Well, it's not even
Brandon Bruning: b****?
Ricky Stebbins: 10.
Brandon Bruning: I'm just kidding. You're f*****.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: 10:30.
Ricky Stebbins: This whole system is f*****. I can't wait. We're going to rock the world when we start pumping all these medical records out there and sharing
Brandon Bruning: And I I I bump into my friend.
Ricky Stebbins: these ridiculous
Brandon Bruning: He goes He's like, "What's what's wrong with your friend and Dallas?
Ricky Stebbins: stories.
Brandon Bruning: Why why you have beef with me for why we have do nothing?" I mean, he goes I'm like, "He doesn't like you and you don't like him?" He goes, "Oh, that's how it is. That's it's about him,
 
 
00:22:45
 
Brandon Bruning: huh?" I'm like, "I don't know. Is it about you?
Ricky Stebbins: I guess so. We'll just make it about Dallas. I mean, it's fun to make fun of each other.
Brandon Bruning: It's all right.
Ricky Stebbins: So, I don't know. I love talking crap about Dallas,
Brandon Bruning: Just It's okay. Just,
Ricky Stebbins: so you
Brandon Bruning: you know, don't talk to each other. Just stay away from the show. That's all that's all I got to say.
Ricky Stebbins: just you just they can just kiss and make
Brandon Bruning: Just stay. No. No. Just stay away from each other.
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: was
Brandon Bruning: That's all I got to say. I know. I know. I know. Dallas and him, they'll fight each other and stay away from each
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: not born.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: other.
Ricky Stebbins: No fighting.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: The stone was rolled away and the grave was empty. Christians everywhere.
Brandon Bruning: Just stay away from each other.
 
 
00:23:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: What are you watching,
Brandon Bruning: So
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Trump giving a
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. Is it something about Jesus?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: speech.
Ricky Stebbins: H Trump is so full of
Brandon Bruning: Jesus. G Jesus um Jesus died a long time ago.
Ricky Stebbins: trash
Brandon Bruning: They they f****** accused him. People People killed him.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: That's
Brandon Bruning: Jesus made us when when Jesus when Jesus made us and we killed
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: okay.
Brandon Bruning: him. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: and Dallas ate him.
Brandon Bruning: like God God
Ricky Stebbins: Didn't you say you went to church and ate the body of
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No.
Brandon Bruning: created God created humans and human killed him.
Ricky Stebbins: Christ?
Brandon Bruning: That's f***** up.
Ricky Stebbins: Come on, Dallas.
Brandon Bruning: So Jesus Jesus died from his
Ricky Stebbins: You're like, "Oh, man.
Brandon Bruning: own creative human beings that killed him. He created himself and they killed him and he created them and they killed him.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: That's what I believe.
 
 
00:24:22
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't I don't know exactly what happened. I wasn't there. I just know that Dallas said he ate the body of Christ and drank his blood.
Brandon Bruning: me.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, that sounds like a vampire.
Brandon Bruning: You sick bastard.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I never said that, Ricky.
Ricky Stebbins: You said his blood turned to wine and you got
Brandon Bruning: You said that your blood
Ricky Stebbins: drunk.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I never said that.
Brandon Bruning: turn to wine.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: So your your blood turn to wine. You take it out and drink it.
Ricky Stebbins: I used to go to church. That's what they do at Catholic church.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: They have you eat the Eucharist. Did you ever do the eat the bread, the body of Christ?
Brandon Bruning: yeah, I did. I I was Catholic.
Ricky Stebbins: I stopped. I haven't done that in years, but I used to do that.
Brandon Bruning: I had a I had to go to uh the priest and they go like this body of Christ and you go amen and then he put in your mouth.
 
 
00:25:07
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: You just walk away and then you just pray after.
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't remember why they did that or why we would want to eat them anyway.
Brandon Bruning: That's my I
Ricky Stebbins: And it's like Dallas is like, "People are delicious." I'm like,
Brandon Bruning: don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: "Are they?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I didn't say that.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know why I haven't I haven't been
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Why do you keep putting words in my mouth?
Ricky Stebbins: I told you I'm going to talk crap about you.
Brandon Bruning: in I haven't been in haven't been in church probably haven't been in
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Stop.
Ricky Stebbins: I can't.
Brandon Bruning: church in 13 years or at least even more. Been a long time.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to go to church anymore.
Brandon Bruning: I think church is full of s***.
Ricky Stebbins: It's so boring.
Brandon Bruning: Full of full of b*******.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't ever learn anything. We never help anyone ever. I want to help people. I don't want to just stand there and listen to you talk about something that may or may not have happened.
 
 
00:25:47
 
Brandon Bruning: b*******. Even I'm Catholic. I don't even f****** I don't even deal with that s***. I'm Catholic. I don't believe in that s*** sometimes. I only believe what I
Ricky Stebbins: It's not that I don't believe in the positive stuff.
Brandon Bruning: believe.
Ricky Stebbins: I just don't believe in standing there like an idiot and doing nothing. I want to help people. Like with you guys,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: if you needed help doing something.
Brandon Bruning: I want Did the police help
Ricky Stebbins: Let's like let's go do something. I don't want to do
Brandon Bruning: you?
Ricky Stebbins: nothing.
Brandon Bruning: Does the police help you out? Just standing there, they talk. Do they help you out? Hey, hey, Ricky, what are you doing today? You know,
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I mean,
Brandon Bruning: stuff like that. Do they do that?
Ricky Stebbins: they don't they don't they don't know how to help people.
Brandon Bruning: They don't do that,
Ricky Stebbins: What if police do their jobs?
 
 
00:26:22
 
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: They're not there to be your friend or to support you. We need a community to support people, not, you know, state workers or city workers. Same thing with doctors and therapists. I can't wait. I I'm requesting more of my medical records,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but these therapists don't help us. You should request your records from Dr. Egan Dallas and see what he writes about you. How funny will that be?
Brandon Bruning: Funny.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, it's not going to be funny. These people don't want to tell you what they say about you.
Brandon Bruning: They probably they'll probably say you're lazy or you're like I don't know all kind of stuff. They'll start talking
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, the things that they write in people's medical records follow them through life.
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: It's
Brandon Bruning: Like even me, I'm I'm late. Even me, I'm lazy.
Ricky Stebbins: slander.
Brandon Bruning: My room's a little messy. And then Eric comes in, can you clean up your room, please?
 
 
00:27:29
 
Brandon Bruning: And clean up and clean your bathroom.
Ricky Stebbins: My room's not perfect. I mean,
Brandon Bruning: And I don't even And I don't do it.
Ricky Stebbins: it's not messy.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know why. I'm just
Ricky Stebbins: If people helped you,
Brandon Bruning: lazy
Ricky Stebbins: if someone was there, hey Brandon, we're going to do this today together, then I bet you
Brandon Bruning: probably. But she did.
Ricky Stebbins: would.
Brandon Bruning: She did it once. She said, "I'm not going to keep doing it. You need to do it. You need to do it once a week, man. Independently. Can't just me do it all. You got to do it sometimes.
Ricky Stebbins: I used to manage a house where guys lived there and we helped each other do stuff all the time.
Brandon Bruning: So you manage this.
Ricky Stebbins: So if you're living there Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: So you advocate people you did. So they fire you.
Ricky Stebbins: We used to go to the gym every single day.
Brandon Bruning: So they fire
 
 
00:28:18
 
Ricky Stebbins: They laid me off. They didn't fire me.
Brandon Bruning: you.
Ricky Stebbins: I got to collect unemployment. I file complaints all the time. These companies are so lazy and so worthless. They're a bunch of dirt bags. And we can prove it now.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: But it took decades of gathering information. And I can prove without beyond a
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Why do
Ricky Stebbins: shadow of a doubt that all these companies that help disabled people are liars and
Brandon Bruning: you
Ricky Stebbins: schemers.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't have to be nice when I say it.
Brandon Bruning: they don't have Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like they treat you guys like absolute f****** s***. And I can prove it. Like this is fantastic. They never expected that we'd stand together.
Brandon Bruning: Fantastic.
Ricky Stebbins: They figured everybody would keep blaming you guys. Oh, it's Brandon's fault. It's Dallas's fault for asking too many questions. Now Brad's in a choke.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Check out
 
 
00:29:34
 
Ricky Stebbins: Mer hits my
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: my heart.
Ricky Stebbins: friend.
Brandon Bruning: You're sick. You're a sick f***. You know that this is on It's gonna be on It's going to be online. You're laughing. How you like that,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No, I didn't put this one
Brandon Bruning: huh?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: online.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, you're f*****.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I was just messing with you.
Brandon Bruning: He can he can he can he can edit it out,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I was messing with
Brandon Bruning: right?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you.
Brandon Bruning: You can edit that out, can you? No. You sleeping? You sleep?
Ricky Stebbins: on all the way. I was just looking at uh that would
Brandon Bruning: What the I thought you were sleeping for a second.
Ricky Stebbins: be so
Brandon Bruning: What the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: fun. It's chilly out today. It's a nice cool day to do nothing.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Good morning.
Brandon Bruning: Oh my god. I mean, the weed babe is killing me.
 
 
00:30:32
 
Brandon Bruning: I should stop smoking that s*** for a
Ricky Stebbins: You should,
Brandon Bruning: while.
Ricky Stebbins: but you love it and you're bored. Why aren't you You're not out doing nothing. Nobody ever encourages you. Let's go for a walk. Let's go hiking together.
Brandon Bruning: But Huh? Go hiking. Where? Let's go to the White Mountains. Let's go to um Mount Washington in New Hampshire.
Ricky Stebbins: That would be awesome.
Brandon Bruning: Go hiking.
Ricky Stebbins: There's camp in
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: there.
Brandon Bruning: I know. Go camping there. Me and all of us. Would you ride up? Would you would you ride up
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: there?
Ricky Stebbins: Wonder how expensive that would be.
Brandon Bruning: I'll pay for it.
Ricky Stebbins: I was talking to Dallas about camping near his place. There's got to be places to camp. You know what? I'm gonna look that up now.
Brandon Bruning: Maybe I'll maybe all just um pitch in money.
 
 
00:31:28
 
Brandon Bruning: We can go there. Like I'll pay half, you pay half,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Sure.
Brandon Bruning: he pays half or something.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think it's that expensive to go camping.
Brandon Bruning: That's
Ricky Stebbins: Especially if you're camping. If you're renting cabins, then it gets expensive. But if you got tents and stuff Oh,
Brandon Bruning: be that'd be cool. Cody, go camping. Would you like to go camping?
Ricky Stebbins: I love camping.
Brandon Bruning: How about you? Would you want to go camping?
Ricky Stebbins: Jesus f****** Christ. s***** stupid f****** phones. s*** f******
Brandon Bruning: My in my in in my Oh, yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: keyboards.
Brandon Bruning: that'll be nice. Going to camp. That'll be cool. That's a picture say that, too. People just don't know what to do. They don't know what's good or what's bad. They don't they it's hard for them to to know what's healthy food, whether you're eating bad food or not. It's your choice.
 
 
00:32:24
 
Brandon Bruning: That's what they say. It's a choice for them.
Ricky Stebbins: If you don't remember what somebody told you 45 minutes ago, how is any of this your choice? How are we helping you by telling you stuff that you don't remember?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: That's a good question, huh? Listen, Brandon, you know everything.
Brandon Bruning: Maybe if I stop smoking.
Ricky Stebbins: You just once you remember it, you'll be fine.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I remember some stuff.
Ricky Stebbins: Once you remember it all, you'll be fine. just, you know, try to remember everything and when
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: that works for you, tell me how you did it because I don't remember everything. That's not how my mind works.
Brandon Bruning: That don't make you That's weird. That don't make you cough. But weed makes you cough. What the f***? Nicotine don't make you cough that much, but this will make you cough like a hell. It's
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, you're taking bigger
Brandon Bruning: weird.
Ricky Stebbins: hits.
 
 
00:33:40
 
Ricky Stebbins: That was pretty big hit,
Brandon Bruning: Here we go.
Ricky Stebbins: dude.
Brandon Bruning: That was a big hit.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, like when I smoke, I don't let out that much smoke. I take little hits.
Brandon Bruning: That was a big hit. I didn't even cough that
Ricky Stebbins: That was a good one, though. Your lungs hand.
Brandon Bruning: one.
Ricky Stebbins: But that was a lot of smoke. Like I hold it in. I try to hold it and
Brandon Bruning: Still a lot of smoke. The hell?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. So it seems like it's like a a hard pen.
Brandon Bruning: I can't even.
Ricky Stebbins: Like it's hot.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, there you go.
Ricky Stebbins: See, Dallas wants to smoke now, too. You're smoking.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know where my pen is.
Brandon Bruning: Smoking smoking that cigarette,
Ricky Stebbins: I got to get a new pen. My pen's broken.
Brandon Bruning: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: It's like falling
Brandon Bruning: End up end up like your dad.
Ricky Stebbins: apart.
 
 
00:34:24
 
Brandon Bruning: C Od. I'm telling you. I'm serious. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I like that.
Ricky Stebbins: As I told Dallas,
Brandon Bruning: I'll keep doing it.
Ricky Stebbins: you better watch out.
Brandon Bruning: Want to eat it?
Ricky Stebbins: Take care of himself.
Brandon Bruning: Eat the tobacco
Ricky Stebbins: Eat it, Dallas. Eat it.
Brandon Bruning: instead.
Ricky Stebbins: Put it in your mouth.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: That's You ready? f***
Ricky Stebbins: That's funny that the closed caption said
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: yourself. f***
Ricky Stebbins: lucky.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you. f***
Brandon Bruning: Oh my god, I do sick.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you.
Ricky Stebbins: That'd be disgusting chewing on a cigarette. I remember kissing girls that had smoked.
Brandon Bruning: That'd be gross.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man, their mouths taste like ashtrays.
Brandon Bruning: Ah,
Ricky Stebbins: So gross.
Brandon Bruning: kissing a girl with some smoking.
Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
Brandon Bruning: Hat.
Ricky Stebbins: Funny stuff.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh s***. Sirens.
Ricky Stebbins: You got to go flag him down.
 
 
00:35:36
 
Ricky Stebbins: Run out in the street. Just wave like throw yourself in the road. Flop around. But you got to set the camera up so we can watch all this.
Brandon Bruning: Nothing.
Ricky Stebbins: The cops will come and poke at you.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You got a lot
Ricky Stebbins: Brand's fixing his hair. You got to start jelling it. Why not? You got to start spiking it or something.
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: Get a mohawk. You're the only one with hair here, so you got to do something fun.
Brandon Bruning: I ain't doing no more. f***
Ricky Stebbins: What? Come on.
Brandon Bruning: that. f*** that.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, we got to dye it red, too. So, you know, you stick out just a awesome red mohawk. Fiery red.
Brandon Bruning: Wow. A blue a blue hair like put blue blue a blue beard a blue beard in a in
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, that would be awesome.
Brandon Bruning: a in a a red hair. That'd be weird.
 
 
00:36:36
 
Ricky Stebbins: That would make people so mad. Branded, shave it. Why? Brandon, shave it.
Brandon Bruning: What you just said?
Ricky Stebbins: That's so funny. They wouldn't want you having fun.
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I don't understand why they care if you shave anyway. I've had this beard for years now. I haven't shaved it off. I just kept it like whatever. And I shave my head like once or twice a week. I'm lazy. I don't feel like shaving all the time, so I don't.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Thanks.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas likes to let his beard grow off and on. I can see the stubble.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Then his mom's going to tell him, "It's time to shave. You can't can't have any hair on your face. Tell us you're grounded.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: She don't care if I shave or not.
Brandon Bruning: My family does.
Ricky Stebbins: You're a good slave. You're not allowed to have a beard. You're not allowed to let your hair grow too long.
 
 
00:37:52
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, it's a good sleeve.
Ricky Stebbins: You're not allowed to use the stove. Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Well, that's not a tax rule. That's not it's not rule. That's that's the state's rule. That's what she said.
Ricky Stebbins: What? That's a b*******.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: That's just That's a b*******
Brandon Bruning: that's
Ricky Stebbins: rule. I I want to find out who whose rule that is.
Brandon Bruning: that's
Ricky Stebbins: That's not a law.
Brandon Bruning: Erica said um saying um it's not a tough screw with the boat. I can't cook on my stove. That's the policy. I think you have to be supervised.
Ricky Stebbins: So why isn't someone supervising you?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. They don't want
Ricky Stebbins: That's the right answer.
Brandon Bruning: to.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't want to those dirt bags.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Weren't we talking about this in November of last year?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: also
Ricky Stebbins: You were supposed to go to cooking.
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah, that's coming up soon.
 
 
00:38:48
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's
Brandon Bruning: T next Tuesday. Yeah, I go to grow next Tuesday program.
Ricky Stebbins: Did they tell you what they're going to help you do other than slice potatoes?
Brandon Bruning: I have no idea.
Ricky Stebbins: Do you like slicing
Brandon Bruning: I'll f******
Ricky Stebbins: potatoes?
Brandon Bruning: bring this for me. I don't give a f***. I'll just go to the bathroom like, "Hey, I'm going to the bathroom.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, if you're I'd rather smoke weed if I'm gonna be forced to slice potatoes all day. Unless you love slicing potatoes, do you get to like carve them into different shapes like potato animals?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: So, obviously they don't do anything fun. I don't want to slice potatoes and then never cook anything.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oops.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, this is terrible. But then they complain that you're not eating healthy, but you're not allowed to cook.
Brandon Bruning: Right. I hope it's
Ricky Stebbins: When are you supposed to get a hold of a date program,
 
 
00:40:07
 
Brandon Bruning: not
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: idea.
Brandon Bruning: if it's going online or no.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I can go online if you want. There's nothing bad in
Brandon Bruning: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Brandon Bruning: what whatever he was joking around second dick or something. Oh yeah. Yeah, definitely going
Ricky Stebbins: Who cares about that? You can joke around about anything you want.
Brandon Bruning: online.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: here with me. My
Ricky Stebbins: No one can say anything. We just don't threaten people.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: wife
Ricky Stebbins: We're not going to hurt anybody. But adults say stupid s***
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: all the time. Oh well. We We watch what we're talking about around children.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: in
Ricky Stebbins: We don't act inappropriate around kids and you know we're not hostile towards other people
Brandon Bruning: Right. No,
Ricky Stebbins: and we're good to go. We can say whatever we want.
Brandon Bruning: no kids around
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, we try to be appropriate,
 
 
00:40:56
 
Brandon Bruning: here.
Ricky Stebbins: but you know, whatever. We're adults. You can say what you want.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: This is a safety
Ricky Stebbins: Same thing with foul language.
Brandon Bruning: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: It's just
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: deliver.
Ricky Stebbins: language.
Brandon Bruning: I didn't cough on that one. I took a small hit. like,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. See, seems like a lot of
Brandon Bruning: "Ooh,
Ricky Stebbins: smoke.
Brandon Bruning: I only took a small
Ricky Stebbins: There you go. You got to make sure to get a lot of air in your
Brandon Bruning: hit.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Is
Ricky Stebbins: lungs.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: that because he said he was scared that trend in this one? There's many ways to be a fighter.
Ricky Stebbins: What are you boxing, Dallas?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: What are you boxing or watching
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm
Ricky Stebbins: TV?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: boxing.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you work tonight, Brandon, or you going to boxing?
Brandon Bruning: I work tonight.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So what you
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
 
 
00:42:06
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, did you get tired after eating that macaroni?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: did?
Brandon Bruning: a little bit. And I and I ate at 12:00 at night. The grilled chicken, you know, that grilled chicken, the green beans and the potatoes.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: I ate that at night. I was hungry.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yeah. I'm sure you woke up and you were bored. There was nothing to do.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I do the same thing. If I wander around at night, you get snacky.
Brandon Bruning: Even even I wander around in the restaurant and like sometime was like nothing to do. I almost went to the uh soup and some some coworker like what are you doing? You're just bored. You're not hungry. Like you're not even hungry. You're just bored. Go do some work. You know that's what he said.
Ricky Stebbins: Go do some work.
Brandon Bruning: You're not even hungry.
Ricky Stebbins: If you're wandering around,
Brandon Bruning: He said yeah.
 
 
00:42:56
 
Ricky Stebbins: it's because there's nothing to do. You're waiting for
Brandon Bruning: And then he goes,
Ricky Stebbins: work.
Brandon Bruning: "Yeah, pretty much
Ricky Stebbins: People are silly.
Brandon Bruning: uh
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. They should hang out and talk with you. Hey, what's up? Hey, you're bored. Don't eat that. Let's go for a walk. Let's go talk for a minute.
Brandon Bruning: yeah, they don't they don't do that kind of s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Isn't that
Brandon Bruning: People just don't care.
Ricky Stebbins: weird?
Brandon Bruning: This guy at work in a cooker line gave me fried chicken last night. I said, "Dude, I can't eat that. I cannot eat fried chicken." And he goes, "Why not? I just can't."
Ricky Stebbins: Well, you can, but you shouldn't eat it all the time.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: If you eat it all the time,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: it's going to make you
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You can see my door.
Ricky Stebbins: sick.
Brandon Bruning: I'm not eating. f*** that.
 
 
00:43:51
 
Brandon Bruning: I want to lose weight. I don't want to stay fat.
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly. People should be encouraging you to eat healthy all the time.
Brandon Bruning: Hey, when I was living in my my family's house, I ate right. I was 150. When I was living there, I was skinny there. I exerc exerciseed and worked out and they gave me the right food and I was wicked skinny. I had a six-pack. I had like my chest was big and I was my back was ripped when I was younger and
Ricky Stebbins: That's
Brandon Bruning: like everything was ripped.
Ricky Stebbins: awesome.
Brandon Bruning: When I was at the gym I used to do those um whatever the hell they called. It's like go like this.
Ricky Stebbins: Flat
Brandon Bruning: Push it. Something like that.
Ricky Stebbins: bench.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. It's a string and you hold it. Go down.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: You go like this.
Ricky Stebbins: the the lat pull down.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, they got the machines.
 
 
00:44:48
 
Brandon Bruning: And you can change and you can change it.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, you could do triceps on there,
Brandon Bruning: And they have like this like this.
Ricky Stebbins: too. And Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Those ones. I used to do that all the time when I when I was a kid.
Ricky Stebbins: I
Brandon Bruning: I used to go to um the Abbertton Athletic Club. I go there all the time. Like every day I go there. I walk there my walk there my bike there.
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome.
Brandon Bruning: Walk is like 20 30 minutes a day. I did it every single day. I was f****** ripped just doing that walking from there to the gym and working out and walk back. I was cut ripped and I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: So why'd you stop?
Brandon Bruning: I I moved then I got when I moved and I stopped and I just got fat.
Ricky Stebbins: It's terrible that people didn't keep up with you and keep looking out for you.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
 
 
00:45:39
 
Brandon Bruning: No, I should have kept going, man. sad. I did I I I was the same weight before. When I was 14 years old, I was um 200 lb. And then when I was like 16, 17, I started lifting weights and then I start losing weight. And then I was one then I went down 150. I lost about 50 lb. 50 lbs. I lost 50 lbs before.
Ricky Stebbins: Wow.
Brandon Bruning: Now I'm back 200. Now I'm back 200 again because I got older.
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: Now I can just lose 50 lbs again. That's going to be hard.
Ricky Stebbins: don't be too
Brandon Bruning: When you get older it's going to be When it's going to be older, it's going to be even harder to do that.
Ricky Stebbins: hard.
Brandon Bruning: But when you're younger, you can lose it like that. Like nothing. I lose like I lost I lost that weight in three or four months.
Ricky Stebbins: Wow, that is pretty good.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. Be right back.
 
 
00:46:48
 
Brandon Bruning: cuz um my camera I don't know I she knows because she see me on the camera and we have we have cameras in the house and and she knows like if I if I go in the cabinet she'll look at me probably look at the cameras she knows I'm eating or not cuz she has cameras
Ricky Stebbins: Do you like that? Do you like when people are spying on you in the kitchen and commenting on you?
Brandon Bruning: I don't It doesn't bother me, so I don't really
Ricky Stebbins: I don't feel like they're helping you.
Brandon Bruning: care.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, well, if you're going to watch you, why aren't they talking to you, asking you how your day was?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It's
Ricky Stebbins: Does anybody ask you what you've been up to lately?
Brandon Bruning: She's She's a She's a nurse.
Ricky Stebbins: How does that help you?
Brandon Bruning: No.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: easy.
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: How that help
Ricky Stebbins: she told you that you're pre-diabetic and you're not.
Brandon Bruning: me?
Ricky Stebbins: And then she told you it's your fault and it's not.
 
 
00:47:51
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, I don't know how any of that helps
Brandon Bruning: And then and then my aunt then my aunt said it's 5.6.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Brandon Bruning: So that's a normal range. And then um that's weird.
Ricky Stebbins: And why aren't they giving you your numbers?
Brandon Bruning: So what
Ricky Stebbins: If it's your information, why are they giving it to other people and not you first?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. They think they think I'll They think I'll give it to anybody. Hey, look. Look at Look at that guy.
Ricky Stebbins: It's yours. Who cares?
Brandon Bruning: I'm going to go back to
Ricky Stebbins: You're your own guardian, right?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: When they take your medical records without your permission.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't understand how that's possible.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, why should I do I should should I need my medical records and look at them?
Ricky Stebbins: Like, I don't understand how she has a right to touch your medical records without your authorization.
Brandon Bruning: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: Why aren't they given to you first?
 
 
00:48:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: Especially when you want them.
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't I don't understand how she got a hold of them before you.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, what's going on? We're going to have to figure this out. It's a mystery and I like solving puzzles.
Brandon Bruning: It's probably puzzle. It's a mystery, huh? Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't make any sense.
Brandon Bruning: it's a mystery.
Ricky Stebbins: If it's yours, why do other people have it? And why are they allowed to give it to other people and you still don't have it?
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, I'm sure you don't mind your aunt having your their paperwork, right? But you want it, too. Something's not right here. I'm excited to figure out what it is, man.
Brandon Bruning: You probably yell at my family too, would you? You going to yell at them? You won't yell at them, but
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even have to. I don't have to. None of this makes any sense.
 
 
00:49:58
 
Brandon Bruning: you
Ricky Stebbins: I'll go take your medical records and give it to other people then and do something about it, people. What? How is this even allowed?
Brandon Bruning: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: But how is this even allowed?
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I wouldn't be allowed to do this to other people. How are they allowed to do it to
Brandon Bruning: I don't
Ricky Stebbins: you?
Brandon Bruning: know.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I don't know if your ears cut out.
Brandon Bruning: I said I said no. And then I will I will ask I'm You need a kidney doctor appointment. She said she going to talk to her about it. I don't know why she's not.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: terrorist.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. I don't know what's going on. They don't tell me. Don't tell me. Oh, I got appointment tomorrow. They won't tell me what appointment I have. What date? Is that
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: it's not right. People should be telling you when your appointments are and what's going on.
 
 
00:51:24
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Hold on. Have to change my hand a bit
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. That's cool.
Brandon Bruning: on camera online.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, that's cool. It works. Awesome.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: It works.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Awesome.
Brandon Bruning: What's going on with you? He's f***** up.
Ricky Stebbins: So, yeah, that's pretty crazy. This is hilarious. I am very curious how many other people are in a position like you guys where other people have your medical records and you're not allowed to have access to them.
Brandon Bruning: Does that mean do they mean do they care?
Ricky Stebbins: No, they don't care. And I'm pretty sure this is illegal.
Brandon Bruning: Is it
Ricky Stebbins: So, we need to we're going to have to figure out why this is allowed. you're your own guardian.
Brandon Bruning: really
Ricky Stebbins: And they do this on purpose so then they can blame you for everything, which is fine. But now they've done things that if you are your own guardian, they're not allowed to do.
 
 
00:53:26
 
Brandon Bruning: like blow my nose?
Ricky Stebbins: And I can just give your family crap and you're supposed to be sticking up from Brandon and you're not. You're allowing all this to happen.
Brandon Bruning: Right. Sorry, I just went to the bathroom.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Whoa.
Ricky Stebbins: Worries allergies.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: She
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I f****** hear.
Ricky Stebbins: Why is that? They make a funny noise.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Is it both of them or just one?
Brandon Bruning: This one. I just put new baddy then. They going to be piece of s*** for piece of s***. Herinade
Ricky Stebbins: That's annoying.
Brandon Bruning: change it every f****** three or two days. Herinade batteries.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not too bad. How much are batteries? Are they expensive?
Brandon Bruning: No, they're free. I get him for free.
Ricky Stebbins: That's nice.
Brandon Bruning: I assume
Ricky Stebbins: Awesome.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: system. It's like
Ricky Stebbins: So, what else you doing today before work?
Brandon Bruning: nothing Really?
 
 
00:55:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: You should go for a walk. Go for a walk.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Get some exercise. Did you skip the boxing last night?
Brandon Bruning: In and out. Not going to walk in the rain. You crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not raining out here.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, it's raining out here, right? Is it raining?
Ricky Stebbins: I live an hour and a half away from here. So,
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: it's nice out. It's a little chilly, but if you have a sweatshirt on, it' be nice.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: This n**** is eating. What the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yeah, I had some uh yogurt covered raisins.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm a snacky guy, man. Uh I love snacks. I got some pistachios.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Piss outside, you f***.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I said, "Piss outside, you f***."
Brandon Bruning: Okay.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: He's like,
Ricky Stebbins: We don't really want you to do that.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: "Oh."
Brandon Bruning: That's
Ricky Stebbins: You might get in trouble if you beat
 
 
00:56:46
 
Brandon Bruning: perfect.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: outside.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Too
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: funny.
Brandon Bruning: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: makes coffee, bro.
Ricky Stebbins: I know. I gota make some coffee.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Somehow I'm too lazy to make coffee.
Ricky Stebbins: I too lazy to put water in the
Brandon Bruning: f***.
Ricky Stebbins: microwave.
Brandon Bruning: There we go.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So, what's the next step to getting the BMC records?
Ricky Stebbins: You getting an email with your records.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Go
Brandon Bruning: Come here. Damn.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: smoke.
Brandon Bruning: They never help my mother. Well, when she was diabetic, she was always getting sick, not eating right.
Ricky Stebbins: And nobody helped her,
Brandon Bruning: Then the brothers her brother or sister never helped
Ricky Stebbins: did they?
Brandon Bruning: her. My uncle, they never I don't think they never helped her about how to eat, right? So,
Ricky Stebbins: People need support.
Brandon Bruning: I was thinking and she's disability.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't need bad advice that they can't do anything with.
 
 
00:59:06
 
Brandon Bruning: My mother was disability, too. I think she was disability. I don't know. She worked she worked in a school cafeteria. She worked at R she worked at Randolph High School. She used to work at uh the the Randolph Middle School. She used to she used to be a chef. She used to uh cook in the kitchen. And I get free mail. I get I get free mail when my mother's in the kitchen and she gave me the mail.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: My mother, here you go. Gave me a mail. It's pretty cool.
Ricky Stebbins: That's
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: awesome.
Brandon Bruning: my mom my mother tried. She tried to be she tried to take care of me, but she was sick. She's alcoholic. It was pretty hard for her to take care of me.
Ricky Stebbins: cuz she didn't have
Brandon Bruning: She did feed me three times.
Ricky Stebbins: support.
Brandon Bruning: She she uh she u feed me three meals a day.
 
 
01:00:03
 
Brandon Bruning: Three meal a day.
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome that she to feed you three meals a
Brandon Bruning: And I was I was never I was never hungry when I was living with my mother.
Ricky Stebbins: day.
Brandon Bruning: Never. I was always I was always eating food. My mother always feeding me three meals a
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome.
Brandon Bruning: day.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, somebody should be cooking for you or helping you cook or cooking with you, supervising you. And this is a serious problem, especially if you haven't had anybody helping you for the last six years.
Brandon Bruning: That's That's not right.
Ricky Stebbins: No, that is not right. That's a serious problem. This is a human rights violation. You know that, right? Oh, this is real bad. This is terrible.
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: They treat you like an animal. And we're going to prove it. Their own actions are going to prove it. You don't have to say anything. I'll do all the the asking.
 
 
01:01:08
 
Brandon Bruning: I'm going to punch
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to ask questions. Hey, what's going on? How is this possible? It shouldn't be possible.
Brandon Bruning: I'm not a slave, so f***
Ricky Stebbins: Why don't Why don't you have your medical records?
Brandon Bruning: you.
Ricky Stebbins: This isn't right. It's not funny, but it's not right. You have a right to your medical records. They should not be talking about your records behind your back. They're yours. They're yours.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I
Ricky Stebbins: And then, you know, I'm very happy that you're healthy.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Goodbye.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to say that.
Brandon Bruning: know.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm happy that you're healthy. I'm happy you're getting exercise even though you skipped the gym last night. But that's okay. I I don't always do what I say I'm going to do. You know, sometimes I exercise less than I should.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Hey Brandon, you still coming over Sunday?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Now you don't have to worry about what you eat.
 
 
01:02:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: You guys can cook some like decent healthy food and, you know, just eat less.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Instead of buying food at, you know, the pizza shops, start cooking stuff.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. I can what?
Ricky Stebbins: It's so much more fun.
Brandon Bruning: Come over Sunday and then Monday.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah. Sunday, Monday,
Ricky Stebbins: And buy something that teach Brandon to cook on the stove.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: and I think you're
Ricky Stebbins: Let him cook. Yeah. If you guys go to the store,
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: what
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon can buy something and cook it on the stove. When's the last time you cooked a steak on the stove or cooked a hamburger on the
Brandon Bruning: you have a cooker.
Ricky Stebbins: stove?
Brandon Bruning: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: Why not do it on camera?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: food,
Brandon Bruning: Dallas will do it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you know.
Brandon Bruning: Dallas will help.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll talk with you guys while you're cooking.
Brandon Bruning: Dallas will help me.
 
 
01:02:58
 
Ricky Stebbins: Who cares? We're cooking. It's not Yes, but we can be on Google Meet at the same time talking. We're just cooking.
Brandon Bruning: You can Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: As long as you don't leave the stove the stove on and walk
Brandon Bruning: you can you can Hey,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: away.
Brandon Bruning: you can you can teach us how to cook too while on the
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: phone.
Ricky Stebbins: A lot of this is just paying attention, you know. As long as you you got to wear GL like oven mitts when you're touching
Brandon Bruning: Your meaning your meaning is at the end of the schedule time.
Ricky Stebbins: hot.
Brandon Bruning: Uh the meeting at the end of the schedule time.
Ricky Stebbins: I just ignore that. I can probably change that. I wonder if I can change it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I need more friends, Ricky. I'm lonely.
Ricky Stebbins: What? Amanda,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: A
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't know
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: James.
Ricky Stebbins: MJ.
 
 
01:04:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: But yeah, this is crazy, guys.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: What?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't understand how our world has gotten so out of hand and then they just blame us.
Brandon Bruning: human blame you and human blaming you and human right
Ricky Stebbins: blame us and nobody wants
Brandon Bruning: violation.
Ricky Stebbins: anything.
Brandon Bruning: blaming and human right violation or physical abusing you for no reason. All at once. You know what I'm saying? That's what that
Ricky Stebbins: I'm super excited about sending these videos to some American with
Brandon Bruning: god.
Ricky Stebbins: Disability Act rights person. Like, how is it possible that you guys are in these predicaments and there's no advocates just helping you navigate these rough waters? Like, you guys are both really nice guys. You're both super helpful.
Brandon Bruning: They'll tell you they tell you to they'll tell you to stop smoking. We
Ricky Stebbins: Who cares about that? I don't care about that at all. I don't even want to talk about that.
Brandon Bruning: eat
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to talk and about anything negative about anything that you guys enjoy.
 
 
01:05:04
 
Ricky Stebbins: You like eating pizza, we're gonna talk just eating less. I'm never gonna tell you it's bad for you. You need to stop. No.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, I can't
Ricky Stebbins: You like steak and cheese cow zones, just eat less, man. I know you love them. Don't stop eating them.
Brandon Bruning: eat.
Ricky Stebbins: Eat less. You don't have diabetes. You're not even pre-diabetic yet. You're getting close. But exercise more. I'm going to keep encouraging you to exercise more. But if you want to have something that you love, have it. Just have less.
Brandon Bruning: So, I'm I'm close I'm close to it, but not a pre-diabetic
Ricky Stebbins: But that's like if you do anything too much is bad for you.
Brandon Bruning: yet.
Ricky Stebbins: If you exercise too much, you're going to end up in the hospital. But it's what happens. Your body will start breaking down. It can't handle it. The same thing with eating too much junk food.
 
 
01:05:54
 
Ricky Stebbins: Eventually, it'll break down.
Brandon Bruning: When you eating bad eating bad
Ricky Stebbins: But there's no reason to get mad at you. Yes. But even if I eat bad food, eventually it's going to catch up to me and I'm going to get
Brandon Bruning: food
Ricky Stebbins: sick. But if if we watch this stuff and we help each other, then it's not a problem at all.
Brandon Bruning: like I'm losing weight. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Like you said you lost five
Brandon Bruning: Feels like it. I lost some weight.
Ricky Stebbins: pounds.
Brandon Bruning: 6
Ricky Stebbins: six pounds. See,
Brandon Bruning: lbs.
Ricky Stebbins: that's awesome. And we should be encouraging you to walk more by walking with you. Like when it gets nicer, we can walk on video and talk.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So then you're not walking alone. I mean, physically you're alone, but at least you're having a conversation.
Brandon Bruning: My family care. They give me they give me dinners and stuff, but that means they give
 
 
01:06:54
 
Ricky Stebbins: They care, but they're not offering you advice is the same thing with the
Brandon Bruning: me.
Ricky Stebbins: dinners. That's not home-cooked on the stove. Nobody sits down and has a meal with you, do they?
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: How weird is that that you don't get to sit at the table with someone and talk and eat dinner
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You love it.
Ricky Stebbins: ever?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: And you don't even think it's weird because you're just so used to it.
Brandon Bruning: I ain't used to it
Ricky Stebbins: That's terrible. You shouldn't be used to that. I hate eating alone.
Brandon Bruning: because I call like I call the n word a long time ago.
Ricky Stebbins: I love talking to people.
Brandon Bruning: I got mad. I call that word and she got mad about that.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Thank
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: You know when I said that he go that's discrimination and race. You shouldn't be saying that word.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you.
Brandon Bruning: That's um discrimination of
 
 
01:07:47
 
Ricky Stebbins: and I know exactly why they put you in these positions,
Brandon Bruning: race.
Ricky Stebbins: to make you feel powerless. and for you to do something like that and they create a hostile situation and then they leave you in the hostile situation.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: It's a way to control you and we're going to use this against the system because f*** them. Oh, f***
Brandon Bruning: what
Ricky Stebbins: the system. These dirty scum sucking pieces of f****** s*** are in for it.
Brandon Bruning: you think?
Ricky Stebbins: They do this f******
Brandon Bruning: My family will see this.
Ricky Stebbins: garbage on purpose. Oh yeah, they're going to see it now. Oh,
Brandon Bruning: Imagine they get us.
Ricky Stebbins: they're definitely going to see it now because I'm f****** pissed.
Brandon Bruning: Look at
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, this isn't f****** funny. I mean, I smile, but this is f******
Brandon Bruning: us.
Ricky Stebbins: makes me f****** furious. It's absolutely disgusting that they put people in these hostile situations and then try to make us feel powerless to do anything about it.
 
 
01:08:34
 
Ricky Stebbins: Just shut up. Be a good slave.
Brandon Bruning: Howless?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. What are you supposed to do about any of this?
Brandon Bruning: Because because I uh I had a knife and I was carrying it and I was just walking around in the uh it was a steak knife and I was just carrying it outside.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: I got I don't know I see go
Ricky Stebbins: that was a different time. Now is the time you smoked
Brandon Bruning: bad s***. Then she called she called the cops on me.
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Brandon Bruning: Something something's wrong with Br. I think he had something. So the cops came and I got arrest. I got arrested for it. I mean they put me in aos they put me in the ambulance. They didn't put me in um they didn't put me in a cop car.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Look at you.
Brandon Bruning: They arrested me and then put me in the in in the ambulance instead and I went to the hospital.
 
 
01:09:11
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Here's
Brandon Bruning: That's what they
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. All right.
Brandon Bruning: did.
Ricky Stebbins: That's what happens. You smoke a little funny stuff and you're in a bad place,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: the
Ricky Stebbins: then we got to protect you and
Brandon Bruning: And then and then when I was at the hospital, the the Bronco hospital, I was so paranoid.
Ricky Stebbins: others.
Brandon Bruning: I saw I thought I thought that guy was talking s*** about me, some random another patient. So I went after the patient, right? And then the cops come and the cops came up behind me, shook me out like, "Hey, calm down. You're going down." And told me on the ground and s***. They It's like eight like six cops picking me up and just dragging me to the the bed. They calm
Ricky Stebbins: There's got to be better.
Brandon Bruning: down.
Ricky Stebbins: There's got to be a better way to deal with these situations and we're going to expose all of this. They did that to me in the hospital and I didn't do anything.
 
 
01:10:00
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So, I don't know what you were doing.
Brandon Bruning: They they choke they choked me out at the hospital. The
Ricky Stebbins: I take your word for it that maybe you're going after this guy,
Brandon Bruning: cops
Ricky Stebbins: but I was minding my own business in a hospital and said, "I want to record this conversation." And they whooped my ass and threw me down. Smashed my head on the
Brandon Bruning: why I don't know why they I don't know why they showed me.
Ricky Stebbins: floor.
Brandon Bruning: I was going to ask some patient.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. Well, yeah,
Brandon Bruning: I thought he said something to me.
Ricky Stebbins: you're not supposed to go after people, so safety first. But I wasn't there, so I can't comment on their behavior. But there's got to be better ways to deal with these situations than the way we're dealing with them
Brandon Bruning: They go like they like they're like this dude is strong.
Ricky Stebbins: now.
Brandon Bruning: They all picking me up. I'm trying to get out of the bed and they all put me down like this.
 
 
01:10:44
 
Brandon Bruning: They're holding me down. I'm trying to get out.
Ricky Stebbins: because you're
Brandon Bruning: He's like he's like, "Yo." And they go and they go, "You're pretty strong.
Ricky Stebbins: panicking.
Brandon Bruning: You're a strong kid." All the cops said that. You're a strong kid. And I just stopped and then they just let me go.
Ricky Stebbins: Isn't that crazy?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I was f****** bad. I don't know what happened. I remember I was bad. I was pretty bad.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that's pretty rough. But if you're spiraling out of control and you feel anxious and you're panicking and what do you
Brandon Bruning: think
Ricky Stebbins: do?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't feel like you have anybody there to support you. You have no one there to talk to ever. Like
Brandon Bruning: I was I was I was I was smoking um the vape,
Ricky Stebbins: ever.
Brandon Bruning: but I was from the street like this and I was smoking and I went crazy,
Ricky Stebbins: Uh,
 
 
01:11:37
 
Brandon Bruning: you know.
Ricky Stebbins: yeah. I don't know what was in it. So, that's kind of weird.
Brandon Bruning: Yo,
Ricky Stebbins: Don't smoke anymore street tapes.
Brandon Bruning: that was I bet it was something in
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe.
Brandon Bruning: there,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what it could be. So, I don't want to find out. I don't want to experience that. You said you were seeing stuff.
Brandon Bruning: right? Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Seeing ghosts.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Did they ever talk to you or you just chasing them?
Brandon Bruning: I never I haven't I haven't even talked about it. They all see goals and stuff. So I had a night.
Ricky Stebbins: But did they say anything to you?
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: They weren't like,
Brandon Bruning: I think
Ricky Stebbins: "You'll save 15% or more by switching to
Brandon Bruning: so. No,
Ricky Stebbins: Geico."
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Ghost talking about car insurance.
Brandon Bruning: So you're pissed. You're furious now.
 
 
01:12:35
 
Ricky Stebbins: This is disgusting. Who wants to be treated like this? I don't.
Brandon Bruning: me.
Ricky Stebbins: Do you like being treated like this? Why don't you have your medical records? It's been days. And then they accused you of being pre-diabetic and said it was your fault.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: Blaming you for something that's not true. It just sounds like everybody's in a s***** mood, so they want to take it out on you. Like, hey, Brandon, we're gonna b**** at you today. Why? Because I'm in a bad mood, so it's your fault.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And you're a nice guy. You'll take it.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Can you apologize for hurting my feelings, Brandon? That wasn't very nice of you.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh.
Brandon Bruning: It's going to be online.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yeah, f*** all this. Who cares? These people are stupid.
Brandon Bruning: He said that he Dallas.
Ricky Stebbins: What do we have to hide?
 
 
01:13:34
 
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing.
Brandon Bruning: Hey, Dallas said the bad word. You know,
Ricky Stebbins: Everybody says bad words.
Brandon Bruning: he said the N word by accident.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh well.
Brandon Bruning: I think someone's going to hear it.
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe, maybe not.
Brandon Bruning: Someone Someone's going to hear
Ricky Stebbins: And then and when you guys are watching your goofy rap videos and then you say it and those are that's oh
Brandon Bruning: it.
Ricky Stebbins: well. I'm not going to cry about words. I'm going to cry about the way people are treated.
Brandon Bruning: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not going to use those words.
Brandon Bruning: the n word.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think that that's appropriate.
Brandon Bruning: It's almost the It said it says the n word.
Ricky Stebbins: You know what? People have said,
Brandon Bruning: That's racism, isn't it? It's also the n word.
Ricky Stebbins: you know what? A person of color came running out of the woods saying they are going to kill f*****
Brandon Bruning: places,
Ricky Stebbins: ass white people and tried to stab me.
 
 
01:14:13
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Thank
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you.
Ricky Stebbins: what am I supposed to do with that? Am I going to hate all people of color? No.
Brandon Bruning: you know,
Ricky Stebbins: We're not going to cry about people with disabilities looking up and using bad
Brandon Bruning: at I was walking. I went I went I went to I went to Brack. Uh I work at Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: words.
Brandon Bruning: I was working um what was it for again forget two days ago and I s I went in the bathroom I was going I was taking a le I look at the wall it says white people suck Oh yeah you remember that right told you that
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: before that's funny that that's pretty funny it's a
Ricky Stebbins: It just makes you laugh. I'm like, "Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: graffiti it said white people suck
Ricky Stebbins: people like to put graffiti up there. Too funny." Oh,
Brandon Bruning: My people suck.
Ricky Stebbins: well,
Brandon Bruning: Oh well. Ain't my fault. Not my fault,
 
 
01:15:10
 
Ricky Stebbins: I gotta find some new white people to hang around. You're hanging around the wrong white people.
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny.
Brandon Bruning: or you hanging out with the wrong with the wrong nigs of the black people. You know what I'm saying?
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Brandon Bruning: So that that's a bad
Ricky Stebbins: no. There's I have plenty of black friends and
Brandon Bruning: word.
Ricky Stebbins: family members that are black and they're not problems. They're wonderful people. Have cousins are Mexican.
Brandon Bruning: Your family your family's black.
Ricky Stebbins: My best friend's Puerto Rican. Yes, I got Mexican cousins,
Brandon Bruning: You got family somewhere,
Ricky Stebbins: too.
Brandon Bruning: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Mexican cousins, too.
Brandon Bruning: You You got Mexican cousins.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, I didn't know that. You got Mexican
Ricky Stebbins: They live in
Brandon Bruning: cousins.
Ricky Stebbins: Texas. People are people, man. We just like different stuff because we grew up around different stuff.
Brandon Bruning: I think my I think I think I think my side of my family
 
 
01:16:14
 
Ricky Stebbins: That's it.
Brandon Bruning: um um my uncle's wife has has a um you know her niece and nephews. I mean her her niece with um a K Vidian guy. He's a nice he's a nice person. I don't know his name but he's very nice.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: And here and here the kid and he's certing on the other side
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome.
Brandon Bruning: apparently. Yeah, that is pretty cool. Doesn't matter what color you
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, there's people from everywhere.
Brandon Bruning: are.
Ricky Stebbins: It's awesome to fall in love with someone from another part of the world.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. See, so it doesn't matter what. Doesn't
Ricky Stebbins: No, nothing matters.
Brandon Bruning: matter.
Ricky Stebbins: If you're happy and you're in love, nothing matters. You're not hurting anybody.
Brandon Bruning: So,
Ricky Stebbins: Like I met people from Cape Verde when I was in the hospital.
Brandon Bruning: can So,
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't even know that place existed. Still in the
Brandon Bruning: I don't even know if it's I don't know how we related now.
 
 
01:17:16
 
Ricky Stebbins: hospital.
Brandon Bruning: I don't think we're related. Maybe it's my third cousin. I would say third cousin maybe or third or fourth cousin. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Cian half half white, half Cian. Mix mix.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Pretty nice. Pretty cool.
Ricky Stebbins: There's nice people everywhere. You just got to go out there and meet them.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't get to hang around with my family members as much as I used to. Times have
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: changed.
Brandon Bruning: My family never raised me up racism. They don't they never raised me like that. Right. They said they go, "I never taught you to be racism. I never taught you that.
Ricky Stebbins: You're not racist.
Brandon Bruning: They never taught me."
Ricky Stebbins: You just say words that don't sound nice sometimes. But if you're rapping, you're repeating something.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That's just that's not that doesn't make you racist. Nobody taught you to be racist.
 
 
01:18:28
 
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: You're not racist.
Brandon Bruning: I'm not at all.
Ricky Stebbins: That's so funny. People are hilarious. People just like to label people. They want to label you. You're this. You're
Brandon Bruning: I'm not because I work at a restaurant with a lot of foreigners in there.
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Brandon Bruning: They some of them speak different languages. They know some lang they they know some English but mostly they know their own language but they they know a little bit of English but it's hard.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know their language at all. I don't know I don't know what they're saying.
Ricky Stebbins: Me either.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: two.
Brandon Bruning: I know. I know some I know some kind of word they say but not too much.
Ricky Stebbins: You got to learn and you can listen in on their
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: conversations.
Brandon Bruning: because they were born that way. They raised they were they were raised to speak that language, you know.
 
 
01:19:29
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: when they weren't ready to speak in in America like like um somebody somebody comes from Cian like like a 14-year-old kid and he comes to America trying to learn English go to school just like my my friend did and he learn English from school now he talks English now but he speak his different language
Ricky Stebbins: I can't remember what language they told they speak Portuguese or the people I met spoke Portuguese and English and something else too. Like they spoke a bunch of different languages. Creo.
Brandon Bruning: Creole K and Creole
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: is but they I never they don't have that on the internet.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: I never seen K. They don't have K pre.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know how that works,
Brandon Bruning: they got Portuguese. They have Portuguese,
Ricky Stebbins: how they learn it.
Brandon Bruning: Portugal, Haiti, they got Germany, France, Dutch, Chinese, all kind of languages, man.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. What's your favorite?
Brandon Bruning: My favorite. I don't
 
 
01:20:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: What's your favorite Dallas French?
Brandon Bruning: know.
Ricky Stebbins: Wee wee.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Irish.
Ricky Stebbins: How many Irish words do you
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Well, I know a little bit of time. Bon go.
Ricky Stebbins: know?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Go f*** yourself.
Brandon Bruning: Hey, Birdian. Kadata means um it's a bad word. It means p****.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. I don't remember being taught any bad words.
Brandon Bruning: Oh my
Ricky Stebbins: Usually I ask it's usually like what are the worst words and when I hear them
Brandon Bruning: god.
Ricky Stebbins: Jill like I I'll pick up on those first but I don't I don't remember asking. That's too funny.
Brandon Bruning: That's the only word I know. Okay. Uh, what else?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think that'll help you in a rough
Brandon Bruning: I can't I remember I don't remember some.
Ricky Stebbins: situation.
Brandon Bruning: f***.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I just came up to you in the hospital. Ricky, when I first met you, it was like
 
 
01:22:05
 
Brandon Bruning: f***.
Ricky Stebbins: That would be awesome.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Po
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny. So, what you up to today, Brandon?
Brandon Bruning: happens now.
Ricky Stebbins: Take a shower today.
Brandon Bruning: No, not yet.
Ricky Stebbins: Should shower. Do your laundry.
Brandon Bruning: I I should.
Ricky Stebbins: Got any laundry to
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I
Ricky Stebbins: do?
Brandon Bruning: Well, not
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: got
Brandon Bruning: really.
Ricky Stebbins: You're slacking on your laundry, Dallas.
Brandon Bruning: I'm slacking on my hygiene.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: I got to start taking a
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, go take a shower. I should go get something for breakfast.
Brandon Bruning: show.
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't eaten yet.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah. I'm making a bagel right now.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. You know, I'm going to go do some stuff. I'll talk to you guys later.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I thought
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm gonna post this online, Brandon.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll send it to you as we get the video.
Brandon Bruning: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Talk to you guys later. Peace.
Brandon Bruning: Peace. Sure. You want me to buy You want me to build a car for you? Sure. Sure. You want me to build a car? We More chicken for me. f***. It's the fried, bro. I don't know what it is. I know exactly what it is. That's I know exactly why you're fat. Why? The fried chicken in the French fries. Stay away from that s***. Eat the salad. Grab my salad. Stay away from that s***. Stay away. Yeah, stay away from that s***. Everyone's in your family. No more fried chicken or French fries for me. Want me to build a car for you? Yeah. You want me to build a car for you?
 
 
Transcription ended after 01:26:43

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
