Dallas and Brandon - 2026/04/01 12:28 EDT - Transcript
Attendees
Brandon Bruning, Dallas Flaherty, Ricky Stebbins
Transcript
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny. All right, you can join the call Yes, in the email. I don't know why it doesn't send texts. it doesn't care.
Dallas Flaherty: S***.
Ricky Stebbins: The man,…
Ricky Stebbins: the myth, the legend.
Dallas Flaherty: He might be dead.
Ricky Stebbins: He's not dead.
Brandon Bruning: I got to go to the bathroom.
Ricky Stebbins: He's got to go to the bathroom.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny. So, yeah, I'm working on a way to make all of my work easier for you to understand because right now it's not easy to understand.
Dallas Flaherty: That's cool.
Ricky Stebbins: And these AI are absolute* stupid pieces of trash. And I can't wait to keep proving it over and over how** stupid they are.
Dallas Flaherty: That's what she knows.
Ricky Stebbins: Especially now, Clawed. It just completely cuts you off. You can't work. You can post five or six stupid f****** prompts and then this piece of f****** trash stops working. blocks you for hours. you can't complete a** thing with Claude stupid f*** AI. But we got to prove that to people. It's like, I paid someone to come over my house and mow my lawn and then they didn't and they kept my money and then kept giving me excuses. Claude's supposed to be helpful, but it's stupid as f*** and ruins everything.
Ricky Stebbins: Same thing with Gemini.
Ricky Stebbins: It f****** pisses me off. Acts stupid as f***. It can't just have its own area to do its own things. It's got to be its own stupid little f*** thing and then when it does work on my things, it does a half ass s* f****** job. I love bitching about AI. He's going to the bathroom.
Dallas Flaherty: Where the f*** is brain at?
Dallas Flaherty: What's taking him so long? that's right.
Ricky Stebbins: He turned the camera off so you didn't Unless you want to watch.
Dallas Flaherty: f** demented.
Ricky Stebbins: Watch him taking a poop.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm demented.
Ricky Stebbins: I know.
Dallas Flaherty: I got f** dement Alzheimer's or something. What the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: That would be nice if I didn't remember all this stuff. I've just forgot it.
Ricky Stebbins: If I didn't remember my problems, they wouldn't bother me. I wouldn't feel like addressing them.
Dallas Flaherty: Joe can't up no gate.
Brandon Bruning: Hey, I'm …
Ricky Stebbins: Hello. He's alive.
Dallas Flaherty: Can you hear it?
Ricky Stebbins: He didn't fall in the toilet.
Brandon Bruning: what I did? I sent AI in my picture of a toilet with my piss and it* showed everything. it's a sign of in the High protein. What the kind of stupid s*** is that, dude? I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: 
Ricky Stebbins: How did it know that?
Ricky Stebbins: How could it tell just by looking at it that it was high in protein?
Brandon Bruning: I sent him a picture.
Ricky Stebbins: That's interesting because I'm curious how it knew or why it would say that.
Ricky Stebbins: You could be dehydrated,…
Brandon Bruning: You want me to send it to you?
Ricky Stebbins: but sure you can send it.
Brandon Bruning: I mean, not the toilet, not the piss.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, you don't have to send a picture.
00:05:00
Brandon Bruning: No, that'd be weird.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, it's just a picture. I mean, I've seen pictures of dog poop before, so who cares? It's just a picture.
Brandon Bruning: If I take a s***,…
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,…
Brandon Bruning: You take a s*** and take and send that to the AI. Let me see what it says to you. I'm just kidding.
Ricky Stebbins: that would be pretty funny.
Ricky Stebbins: just keep sending AI pictures of poop.
Dallas Flaherty: n****'s crazy.
Brandon Bruning: I'll show you.
Dallas Flaherty: I was smart with it. This is smart. God
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, you got to be a call the flush result.
Ricky Stebbins: The flush result
Ricky Stebbins: just came through.
Brandon Bruning: You see it?
Brandon Bruning: I sent you a text. Yeah. Look at the maddening of your urine shows the physical result of your dehide dehydration and diet. If the form your parents bubbles will form in the toilet can sometime be a sign of protein in the urine which is a that one kidney. It's under stress. the pale yellow color shows you just reflecting out the salt from yesterday.
Brandon Bruning: pizza or the honey mustard wrap. That's not true, is it? That ain't true.
Ricky Stebbins: …
Ricky Stebbins: you can get the color of your pee to change by all the different foods you eat and…
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. What the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: all the things you drink. So, if that's a sign of a lot of salt in your diet, I would have to just try eating a lot of salt to see if it makes my pee turn a different color yellow. It's an experiment to try because it's not going to make you sick.
Ricky Stebbins: You're not going to die experimenting and testing this stuff out to see how well it works.
Brandon Bruning: If you're…
Brandon Bruning: if your errands stay forming even when you drink bottles of water, you should definitely mention to Jennifer. 40.
Brandon Bruning: When I am I pee yellow and it's only Picture and it said*** AI knows my health,
Brandon Bruning: He knows it when I pee yellow pear and…
Ricky Stebbins: It knows about all our health and…
Ricky Stebbins: doesn't talk to us about it. This piece of trash, this piece of junk should talk to us all the time.
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: it's ping. So look at the picture say
Brandon Bruning: What the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
00:10:00
Dallas Flaherty: Suck on my bows.
Dallas Flaherty: M you like to stick in my face. What did you say?
Dallas Flaherty: Make them dry.
Brandon Bruning: ** AI knows. Yeah, you should message me to your doctor. " my have a yellow pale and it's for me." I don't know what that is. Okay, we'll do a urine test. Then they'll do a 24 urine.
Brandon Bruning: 
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know if they did that before, but They might do that again. Yellow is for me. may highlight the clash between the crank diet and the champion plan needed to protect their health especially given the one kidney and 5.6 AC1 the sugar salt trap like mountain Roman noodles the Newton label confirmed that this is a red light group for your 1.44
Brandon Bruning: 44 creatine level mass of One cup contains 1,50 mg of sodium 50% of your D limit for single kidney. This is like a clog that spikes your blood pressure. We find carbs with 39 g of carbs with wheat flour. is triggering the sugar hunger. You mentioned into your text high and sugar contained sugar and…
Dallas Flaherty: I'm right here, a***.
Brandon Bruning: lock to prove high trick sizes.
Ricky Stebbins: your triglycerides.
Brandon Bruning: I'mma read that. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: It's all right if you can't pronounce certain words. Some are harder than others.
Brandon Bruning: with Dallas left.
Ricky Stebbins: He's staring at the ceiling. At first,…
Brandon Bruning: My bad.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought he was just staring at the wall, but he's playing video games. He's getting beat up.
Brandon Bruning: The game plan from Donna text conversation shows you have a solid coach.
Dallas Flaherty: I'll focus on Who
Ricky Stebbins: He was boxing and then his male character had to go up against women and then they started getting totally wrecked. So,
Brandon Bruning: She's corrected by eating Two, three eggs per steak or chicken. that they do now crypto can stop thinking about food all the time.
Dallas Flaherty: Hey,
Brandon Bruning: For me parents, bubbles or form in the toilet can sometimes be a sign of protein in urine which in the single day your one kidney is under The pale yellow color shows a serious reflection of the salt from yesterday. that is a yellow color. You ever had that?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Lots of pe is yellow.
Brandon Bruning: Like a yellow Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That's why if Dallas has a white shirt on, there's yellow on it. Could be pee, not mustard.
Brandon Bruning: H you sick bastard.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm flipping off right now.
Ricky Stebbins: There's a yellow finger. Is that pee on it?
Dallas Flaherty: f*** Suck a dick with you. Suck a n**** dick.
Brandon Bruning: Mr. Ke,…
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Nah,…
Brandon Bruning: is this going to be on Facebook or online? I'm just being held back.
Ricky Stebbins: we don't have to put this one online. We can if you want. I don't care.
Dallas Flaherty: Don't cuz I said n****.
Ricky Stebbins: No, people have said much worse than that, so I'm not worried about anything Especially the things I hear people say online now, " people want to mouth off and talk to me because you don't have s* to stand on. people did this to me." Did they prove it? I'm going to prove what happened to me and how it's happened to everyone. And you're just whining like a b**** for no reason and not doing anything constructive.
00:15:00
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Nice area.
Ricky Stebbins: So you guys got to find some nice parks in your area.
Dallas Flaherty: f*******. Post it. Getting the ring again.
Ricky Stebbins: before those women knock you out
Brandon Bruning: Let's get a couple solders.
Ricky Stebbins: And yeah,…
Dallas Flaherty: Hey, Brandon, why don't you come over? We'll smoke a blunt. I still got some brownies left. s***.
Brandon Bruning: I'm going to boxing tonight.
Dallas Flaherty: All How about I can't take punches to the head.
Ricky Stebbins: you got to start going to boxing with him,…
Ricky Stebbins: What said who?
Brandon Bruning: Talent. We don't want that.
Dallas Flaherty: I can't take punches to the head, dude. I got a* BP shot in my head. I can't be taking blows to the head.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know about that.
Dallas Flaherty: You want me to die?
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe just a little.
Ricky Stebbins: slowly and painfully. But…
Dallas Flaherty: I almost died. No,
Ricky Stebbins: Do you want to die suffocating or on fire? I heard drowning is peaceful, so we don't want that. We want something painful like a torture rack.
Ricky Stebbins: Have you ever seen a person ripped in half? if you had your arms and legs just spread out,…
Brandon Bruning: arms, leg happened.
Ricky Stebbins: ropes tied around each and animals like horses just run in every direction.
Dallas Flaherty: Let's f*** that probably on saw.
Ricky Stebbins: Blah, rip you in half. What movie was that on? I've seen that in something.
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't know if it showed us what happened, but I watched Nefarious last night and…
Brandon Bruning: I watched last night just me like…
Ricky Stebbins: it showed somebody getting electrocuted and it disgusts me how** sick human beings are. we can joke around "Haha, I'm going to stab you, Dallas." But then when you go around stabbing people, how do you just go from joking around about something and…
Brandon Bruning: how do you get real stage?
Ricky Stebbins: then you're sitting watching somebody getting executed or watching real real horrible things happen that aren't fake.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't need to imagine real horrible things in my head. watching movies and stuff blowing up is cool, but I don't want to see somebody's house blow up.
Brandon Bruning: I go live today.
Brandon Bruning: I alive I am alive today.
Ricky Stebbins: You're alive. I mean, we're not really living. We're slaves, but we're alive.
Brandon Bruning: I'm a slave. Am I by…
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, you're a good slave, though. Dallas is kind of a crabby slave. He doesn't just do as he's told.
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon, I went to a …
Dallas Flaherty: what was it, Ricky? That I went to last night.
Ricky Stebbins: My god, a town hall meeting about smoking. How boring.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: what they say.
Dallas Flaherty: They want to ban cigarettes from Stolton and…
Brandon Bruning: cigarettes and…
Dallas Flaherty: marijuana products.
Brandon Bruning: weed. That's not blocking.
Dallas Flaherty: Yep. paraphernalia like pipes, bongs, paper, blunts. …
00:20:00
Brandon Bruning: Blocking going You can still smoke weed and blocking. …
Dallas Flaherty: I can still smoke weed in Stoton, but they want to ban all this s***.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought smoking weed was too much for you.
Ricky Stebbins: Got scared.
Dallas Flaherty: Don't get scared.
Dallas Flaherty: Hey, who left a crack in the house?
Brandon Bruning: malawana. So they getting rid of marijuana.
Dallas Flaherty: No, just the paraphernalia like pipes, bongs, papers, blunts. They're getting rid of that. anything to do with tobacco they're getting rid of.
Brandon Bruning: Are they really getting rid of it?
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, I think so.
Brandon Bruning: S***. But they won't be in alcohol though.
Dallas Flaherty: I doubt it.
Ricky Stebbins: That would be hilarious.
Dallas Flaherty: I won't be able to drink no more.
Brandon Bruning: You can't smoke cigarettes anymore if they banned it. Right. No,…
Dallas Flaherty: If they ban it, then I'm f****. I just have to go up to Maine and get my cigarettes up New Hampshire.
Brandon Bruning: you just go to another town.
Dallas Flaherty: Paper up New Hampshire.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Florida's $5 A cigarette pack is Damn. Cheap down there. I bought cigarettes down there when I was probably six years ago. I don't smoke cigarettes anymore. f*** that.
Dallas Flaherty: Going to get here. Never Smoke.
Brandon Bruning: I'm dying. What the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: Sounds like your lungs are not happy with you.
Brandon Bruning: Damn.
Dallas Flaherty: …
Ricky Stebbins: or you got a tickle in your throat.
Brandon Bruning: Who is Sam? Yeah. Yeah. But the mad of me,
Dallas Flaherty: thank you.
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon.
Brandon Bruning: I use it for stress 5 mig I use it for stress.
Brandon Bruning: Anxiety. According to medical records, Orland described to you on the tablet daily at bedtime is a powerful medication.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Brandon Bruning: This has directed impact on your sugar traps only being known to affect how your body handles sugar and fat. For a fighter, you need to be aware of these side effects. These medications increase your appetite, which might be why you feel hungry from sugar and carbs today after the pizza gain weight. It can change the pounds of making it harder to stay cold. my god.
00:25:00
Brandon Bruning: But I can't even take that pill either.
Ricky Stebbins: We'll have to talk to your doctors and…
Ricky Stebbins: look into all this. I wouldn't worry about any of it yet.
Brandon Bruning: No AI saying that to me. You talking about
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, but It doesn't have your entire medical record. It doesn't know everything that's going on. AI is not a doctor. But if you told it,…
Ricky Stebbins: my finger is broken." It would tell you to go to the doctor and get a splint. Go have it x-rayed. Even though it's not a doctor, same thing. If you tell it, hey, my numbers are really bad. It believes you like, " my gosh, they are really bad." But it doesn't know if it was because you were dehydrated or because you're actually sick.
Brandon Bruning: …
Brandon Bruning: …
Ricky Stebbins: We just have to do the research. Yes.
Brandon Bruning: so I need my medical information then. AI.
Ricky Stebbins: And We need to get a baseline reading from you when you're healthy. We can't do blood work after you've been drinking all weekend and you feel sick. Of course, your numbers are going to be off.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. I'm just reading it. No. onthopene described to you on the table daily at bedtime while you're using it for stress is a powerful medication that had a direct impact on the sugar trapped in 2076. No, it's not true. I'm still alive. Been taking it for years.
Brandon Bruning: I've been taking this s* for years and hand no sugar and fat. Don't stress eat carbs when the medication makes you hungry at work. Do not reach for the fried chicken tenders or the 50 bag of PA. Follow Donna plan and eat protein.
Brandon Bruning: Egg chicken to fill full without spike in High dehydration oripine can sometimes make you feel dehydrated. Your nine bottles of water are helping.
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Brandon Bruning: But make sure you sip and constantly to support your it makes even the medicine make you dehydrated. Since you take this at night, be careful at midnight. Snacking on things like ming ramen noodles. The high salt and carbs right before bed are very tough on a single kidney. Strategy for your shopping trip. When you go with dawn, make sure you to get snacks that satisfy the only hunger without running your labs like 20 veggies, celery or cucumbers can help with her tissue to eat stress, sugars.
Dallas Flaherty: Damn it, I missed the
Brandon Bruning: and then be mentioned.
Brandon Bruning: checking their blood sugar more often…
00:30:00
Brandon Bruning: because ofine the doctors don't know that they don't know about only pill do they don't I need them for calm myself down.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know exactly…
Ricky Stebbins: what any of these pills do and why you need them and why dieting and exercise won't make it so you can stop taking these pills.
Brandon Bruning: So Why you take them?
Dallas Flaherty: anxiety and…
Dallas Flaherty: my depression. confident.
Brandon Bruning: Anxiety and depression. Yeah, that's what I do. my god, it's I forgot. I use all hands. I use man.
Ricky Stebbins: Is that music on the game?
Dallas Flaherty: Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: I was just curious. Nice.
Dallas Flaherty: That's the music on the game.
Brandon Bruning: depression and…
Brandon Bruning: what it says. Taking me for anxiety depression is a heavy duty tool for your mental health. But as a fighter with one kidney and you have to watch out for its side effects on your physical st while it helps calm your mind. It can make the sugar trap much harder to escape. The appetite. This is likely why you feel hungry from sugar and cal after eating a pizza. The fake hunger. The medicine can trick your brain into thinking you are starving.
Brandon Bruning: Even you just ate two or three eggs. The cal especially makes you calm high cal like this. You take the daily or bedtime.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, Ricky,…
Dallas Flaherty: you got to check out that show Tinstar that I told you about. You got to watch pretty good.
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't watched any shows in a while.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even know. Five.
Dallas Flaherty: I'll have you on the edge of the seat.
Dallas Flaherty: What time you got to go to boxing, Brandon? All five.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, between me. Yeah. There's that too.
Dallas Flaherty: f*** all these corporations,…
Dallas Flaherty: these businesses like DDS and BOB and all that. f*** them all. Right, Ricky?
Ricky Stebbins: My god,…
Ricky Stebbins: all these companies are disgusting.
Brandon Bruning: My god.
Dallas Flaherty: What are you working on right now?
Ricky Stebbins: Worthless f*** losers.
Ricky Stebbins: Reorganizing my AI stuff so that when other people start trying to read it and understand it, it's not so confusing.
Brandon Bruning: other people trying to read it.
Brandon Bruning: Understand So confusing screen.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. …
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky, can you help me with something trying to get my records?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: we got to do that later. Because you got to screen share.
00:35:00
Dallas Flaherty: I got what?
Ricky Stebbins: We have to screen share.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. I don't want to record…
Ricky Stebbins: So I don't want to record what we're doing just in case. Whatever.
Brandon Bruning: what we're doing just in case. Whatever. I can't believe…
Dallas Flaherty: I can't believe how much the ambulance bill was.
Brandon Bruning: how much they do.
Dallas Flaherty: Holy s***.
Ricky Stebbins: What do you mean?
Ricky Stebbins: That's exactly what they do. They love this.
Brandon Bruning: They love this.
Ricky Stebbins: Ripping people off.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. So,…
Brandon Bruning: He's got his medical record.
Ricky Stebbins: we got to get all your medical records. Then you won't have this problem. The same thing with Dallas. He's got his medical records going to be coming in soon. And then when we put those online, AI can read them all the time and compare them all the time. None of these numbers or any of this information is private.
Brandon Bruning: Is there any
Ricky Stebbins: So it doesn't matter.
Dallas Flaherty: Get this lit.
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody cares about your kidneys or what your protein levels are.
Brandon Bruning: Think AI just f*** with my head. I don't think AI is telling the truth. Is he?
Brandon Bruning: 
Ricky Stebbins: AI makes mistakes…
Brandon Bruning: Hey, don't it does know you,…
Ricky Stebbins: because it's not perfect. It's not allowed to remember It's intentionally throttled from performing at peak performance.
Brandon Bruning: but yeah, it recommends you. What?
Brandon Bruning: Tell I smoke weed, babes. I smoke weed.
Dallas Flaherty: Come on.
Brandon Bruning: That's my name. I smoke weed for anxiety income. I smoke the weed for anxiety income.
Ricky Stebbins: It'll give you diabetes.
Brandon Bruning: See what it says. Don't smoke weed is bad for you. Let me see what they ask. Yeah, right. Brandon, does the beep help you sleep after your ship at the grill or did you find yourself staying up late eating sugar chat because of it? s***. You're fight with one kidney and a DV. It says or fighter with one kidney and a EDVF of 656 using a weed bait to man anxiety and calm is something you should track closely alongside with your philanthropine.
Brandon Bruning: While I may help you relax at the moving 15 in fact, it can trigger physical reaction that mess with your sugar traps and kidney labs. The biggest risk with smoking or vaping weed is the munchies but can be even stronger with combine with The sugar craving we can make you crave red light like food for a slice of pizza or woman Roman Zach sugar trap that spike trick s eyes and dry mouth cotton mouth vaping off often called extreme dry mouth.
00:40:00
Brandon Bruning: This might be why you're drinking nine bottles of water today is a mix of your body plus some sugars and the beep drying you out because you only have one kidney. Anything that affects your heart or blood pressure matters. Beeping can temporarily speed up your heart rate. This put your extra pressure on A single kidney which already has The record shows vaping makes your heart rate. It can spike their bottom numbers. Put the pressure on your kidneys while rates to use the bait to stay calm. You need to be careful when the hunger hits so you don't ruin your progress. It's all about eating.
Ricky Stebbins: I eat when I'm bored. If I pace around enough, then I get bored. Then I eat. There's nothing to do. Forget it.
Brandon Bruning: I got nothing to eat. So, I'm bored. So, I don't know what to eat.
Ricky Stebbins: You're sitting around waiting for hours.
Brandon Bruning: Dennis, let's see…
Ricky Stebbins: You got four more hours still boxing.
Ricky Stebbins: So that's kind of boring.
Brandon Bruning: what Dennis says. Texting me. Hey, Max.
Dallas Flaherty: So tired.
Brandon Bruning: You want to suck some sick bastards. One of my friends.
Ricky Stebbins: Yuck. That's kind of funny.
Brandon Bruning: Is it snowing?
Dallas Flaherty: f****** f***.
Ricky Stebbins: You usually don't expect those kind of messages like, "Hey guys, suck a dick.
Dallas Flaherty: What f****** Why the f*** is it snowing in online or on Grand Theft Auto, it's f****** stupid.
Ricky Stebbins: That time of year sounds like somebody's playing a 1980s video
Brandon Bruning: Really? It's snowing on
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas is about to get molested.
Brandon Bruning: You are going to drive yourself insane, My uncle.
Dallas Flaherty: less of the molester.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. What do you say?
Dallas Flaherty: No, it's get away from me.
Brandon Bruning: My uncle text me. You know what he says? You are going to drive yourself insane. Just Stop drinking alcohol and follow a good diet. You are learning s*** food eating and out unhealthy. Brandon, use the app to check for good food. Otherwise, you go insane. The app is for helping you discover what's a good food and what is bad food.
Brandon Bruning: All the other stuff pissing yellow high tricycle blood sugar EDC will just get better every day you follow the healthy diet. Remember when you are stone high and that's when you choose not to care and eat steak and cheese subscone etc. That's when you are weak and have no control. Start to write down when healthy foods so you don't have to think about it so much.
Brandon Bruning: You can do it. I don't want to see all these texts.
Brandon Bruning: I want to see Brandon in healthy shape again. You need to care about your health cuz sticking the needle in your arm every day for diabetes and swelling sucks. And the end game is losing body parts. What the hell does that mean?
Ricky Stebbins: It means your uncle doesn't know…
Ricky Stebbins: what he's talking about and he's telling you, what,…
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon, you're going to feel better when you get to the moon. So, as soon as you get to the moon, let me know. I want to see you feeling better.
00:45:00
Brandon Bruning: You want to see the text?
Ricky Stebbins: No, I don't need to see it. He doesn't know what he's talking about, and he doesn't know how to help you. And he doesn't know how to tell you how to help yourself other than Brandon, eat healthy, and you'll feel better, and you won't have pre-diabetes anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: This is hilarious.
Brandon Bruning: I'm gonna say that the AI sends it to him.
Ricky Stebbins: send that message to AI and say, "How does this help me understand my problem and how to fix it?" No s***.
Brandon Bruning: You're going to drive yourself insane. Just stop thinking. What? So there's no misunderstanding.
Ricky Stebbins: No s***. that you're going to drive yourself insane trying to find answers to questions that people won't answer for you. That's why we're recording this and then I play it back for AI so there's no misunderstanding at who the stupid people are in this conversation because AI knows that you are both intelligent. Both Brandon and Dallas are not stupid.
Ricky Stebbins: So, if you're not stupid, but you keep having all these problems that you can't fix, what's the real problem here? Why isn't the system helping you fix any of the problems that they're supposed to fix?
Brandon Bruning: I don't think my uncle is right at the Kia.
Ricky Stebbins: He doesn't know what to do. So, what? Let's say you're on the moon. You already got to the moon.
Ricky Stebbins: How does he help you get back the same way you got there.
Brandon Bruning: see it.
Brandon Bruning: You probably didn't see the text, did you?
Ricky Stebbins: I heard you read it out loud. I pay attention to everything you said. And it's transcribed, which is even funnier. So, we don't need to see your uncle's text. You read it to AI,…
Ricky Stebbins: so it knows what he said.
Brandon Bruning: This is…
Brandon Bruning: what AI says this is a straight talk. You need to hear Brandon Donna's giving you the limit fighter prep talk because she see the stakes when she talks about needles and losing body parts. She's talking about two diaper DVDs which exactly hit the five point heading discipline Donald's calling you the biggest blind spot when your babe will smoke your champion focus drops the steak and cheese sub traps they are loaded with white bread sugar grease fat I don't know AI says something different now it doesn't want to talk AI
Ricky Stebbins: AI talking to a stranger right now. It doesn't understand everything you're talking about because it doesn't know the whole story. It doesn't know everything you've been talking about your uncle and…
Brandon Bruning: Hey, you piece of f****** piece of s***.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: aunt So, it just assumes "All right, they're giving you straight talk." Because if you were a normal regular guy telling AI this,…
Dallas Flaherty: It's not
Ricky Stebbins: then you would know what to do. But you're not a regular guy. You've got some health issues that people don't even explain to you,…
Ricky Stebbins: but then they blame you for having these health issues.
Brandon Bruning: I call the leg.
Ricky Stebbins: What a nuke.
Dallas Flaherty: Wait,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, here's a list.
00:50:00
Dallas Flaherty: Sounds like he's beating off.
Ricky Stebbins: tapping away on those buttons.
Brandon Bruning: What the f***? my bad.
Ricky Stebbins: You're hiding yourself.
Brandon Bruning: No more off. You're beating. you're* beaten off. Look at you ass off begging spinners,…
Dallas Flaherty: f*** you.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny.
Brandon Bruning: kale, broccoli, carrots, peppers, cauliflower, cucumbers to Just eating them.
Brandon Bruning: I'm done.
Ricky Stebbins: You're done.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. How to cook healthy meals?
Brandon Bruning: I can't cook on the stove,…
Ricky Stebbins: It's cuz you burned a hot dog and…
Ricky Stebbins: we're never going to trust you to cook ever again. One hot dog is all it takes and…
Brandon Bruning: right? I got you off my ass.
Ricky Stebbins: you can never cook for the rest of your life, slave.
Dallas Flaherty: I can't believe it's snowing it online on Grand Theft Auto. Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Ah s That's funny. That's pretty cool, It's snowing and snow on the ground, too. No,…
Ricky Stebbins: or can't you change the weather? in Forza Horizon 4, you could change the weather. Whatever season you wanted to race in, whether it's winter, you drive across the ice on the lakes,…
Brandon Bruning: just don't.
Ricky Stebbins: which is awesome. Yep. You're gone.
Brandon Bruning: Yep, I'm f** I f*****?
Ricky Stebbins: It's over.
Dallas Flaherty: There he is.
Ricky Stebbins: Only in the rear end. The rest of you is fine.
Brandon Bruning: That's funny. That's funny. We're gonna help you.
Ricky Stebbins: Only in the butt. But the rest of you, you're going to be fine. We're going to help you.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not like you're dying, but if we abandon you and we don't help you, then you're going to get sick, but it's just like if there's a fire, this is the stupidest** thing, man. If there's a fire,…
Brandon Bruning: Get out.
Ricky Stebbins: we get you out of the house. We don't leave you in there and just wait and see what happens.
Dallas Flaherty: That's f*** funny.
Ricky Stebbins: But, you know what? He might be fine.
Brandon Bruning: You jump out the window.
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon knows what to do.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Just Yes.
Brandon Bruning: I just jump out the window.
Brandon Bruning: I might break a few bones, but I'll be alive. That's Is that f***** up? I broke my leg. You jump out of the window when the fire comes. You think that's funny?
Ricky Stebbins: It's better than burning to death. I don't want to see that.
Ricky Stebbins: That'd be horrible at screaming.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. It's terrible, man.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I can run.
Brandon Bruning: I can run way through diabetic. What's terrible?
Ricky Stebbins: getting everybody worked up with this pre-diabetes stuff.
Brandon Bruning: S***. give me small stuff,
00:55:00
Ricky Stebbins: Small stuff. What is that?
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah, Is that good for you?
Ricky Stebbins: Bread.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Three,…
Ricky Stebbins: I thought everybody's giving you* about eating bread and now there's bread.
Ricky Stebbins: That is too funny.
Brandon Bruning: macaroni and cheese. is that healthy?
Ricky Stebbins: kind of. It's 5050. It's not the best, but it's definitely not the worst. I mean, it's delicious,…
Brandon Bruning: I'll eat it.
Ricky Stebbins: but it's got, the problem is if you eat less of that, you will be fine. Just eat less. Don't eat as much of it.
Brandon Bruning: Just eat less.
Ricky Stebbins: You can still eat it.
Brandon Bruning: Just like this.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Don't eat the whole thing. Eat half. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Eat half of it and…
Ricky Stebbins: then eat more later. Yeah. Don't eat it all at once.
Brandon Bruning: Eat half of it.
Brandon Bruning: So, don't eat.
Ricky Stebbins: Eat a little bit and let your body rest and then because you got boxing tonight,…
Brandon Bruning: So just Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: too. You don't want to eat all at once. And nobody teaches you this.
Brandon Bruning: I got box and so eat half of it. Don't eat all of it.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Don't eat all of it or eat a quarter of it. Just somebody needs to teach you how to portion stuff because I do that all the time. I'll eat a little bit and then I'll come back hours later and eat the rest.
Ricky Stebbins: But if I eat it all now, I need to take a nap.
Brandon Bruning: Right. I got no life.
Ricky Stebbins: But if I'm sitting around bored, who cares? I mean, I got no life. Exactly.
Brandon Bruning: How about this stuff? I'm not feed diabetic, I don't think. Because if I was, she probably wouldn't give this She probably wouldn't give it to She probably wouldn't give me this to me this stuff if I was diabetic. What's this? Chicken sandwich wrap. Hey,…
Brandon Bruning: I like so bad for you. I wouldn't eat that.
Ricky Stebbins: Everything's terrible for us,…
Ricky Stebbins: but we got to be careful. We just have to watch moderation.
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: Everything's bad for you. No matter what you eat, everything even dressings has sugar in it. unless you have lettuce and eat it straight with nothing on it. Just eat lett Just eat straight cucumbers and onions and No dressing, that's healthy. But you're putting sugar on it. Everything's bad for you. So what's the point? Eat it. If I eat this,… I'm going to go for a walk. If I eat this whole thing, I'm going for a 30 minute walk.
Brandon Bruning: 
Ricky Stebbins: Don't eat the whole thing.
Ricky Stebbins: You got boxing tonight. Eat half of it and go for a walk.
01:00:00
Brandon Bruning: Happy Nana.
Brandon Bruning: I need this one. M.
Brandon Bruning: Is that good for you?
Ricky Stebbins: What's good for you?
Brandon Bruning: The bowl?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that's not the best for you,…
Brandon Bruning: Look at that.
Ricky Stebbins: but it tastes good.
Brandon Bruning: M yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: But you're going to boxing tonight, so you'll be able to burn the go walking,…
Brandon Bruning: I'm going to box tonight. So, I'll burn it off. I'll go to the boxing gym and then I'll just Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: too, so that's good.
Brandon Bruning: I'll burn it off.
Ricky Stebbins: Did you?
Brandon Bruning: You said that the …
Brandon Bruning: we went through small portions of food's okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Delicious.
Brandon Bruning: It's not a lot. So don't need that much. What dial is there?
Dallas Flaherty: I'm still here.
Brandon Bruning: You seen it?
Dallas Flaherty: See what? No.
Brandon Bruning: The picture. All right. Look at this later.
01:05:00
Dallas Flaherty: …
Dallas Flaherty: you have a look at the place. It's ready. Just start production.
Brandon Bruning: It's better than Pepsi.
Brandon Bruning: Bread is better than the Pepsi, I think. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't had Pepsi in forever,…
Ricky Stebbins: but it's delicious.
Brandon Bruning: What?
Ricky Stebbins: such a gloomy day.
Brandon Bruning: What? Don say no my aunt the picture and…
Ricky Stebbins: What's going to say? how does that help?
Brandon Bruning: let's see what you say about it probably say it's okay but don't eat it all the time. nice.
Ricky Stebbins: That's the worst advice in the world.
Dallas Flaherty: Are you open? Not
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, eat it all the time. Don't do bad stuff for you. do just eat healthy.
Brandon Bruning: I said that, b****. Oh no.
Ricky Stebbins: What level are you on in your boxing game there, Dallas? What' you break now?
Brandon Bruning: Come on. s***.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Five.
Brandon Bruning: I poke it. something. I thought I broke it.
Ricky Stebbins: Your vape again. Did you fix the vape you broke the other day?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah. More
Dallas Flaherty: I'm level 96.
Dallas Flaherty: Grand Auto 96.
Ricky Stebbins: Level one.
Brandon Bruning: Level one.
Ricky Stebbins: We got to get you a headset. I keep forgetting about that. Yes.
Brandon Bruning: I keep forgetting about that. I posted on Facebook. Is that bad if I post food on Facebook though? What' you say about that, Dallas? You see the picture? Probably didn't.
01:10:00
Brandon Bruning: So Facebook made mac and…
Brandon Bruning: cheese and buy me a Burger King plain chicken sandwich. Not bad for you.
Ricky Stebbins: …
Ricky Stebbins: the breading is the worst part. You don't even know what the* in it anymore,…
Brandon Bruning: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: which is kind of funny, but whatever.
Brandon Bruning: What are you doing today? Watch.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, I don't think I'm going anywhere.
Ricky Stebbins: What are you doing today?
Ricky Stebbins: I barely heard anything that you just said.
Brandon Bruning: A little more.
Brandon Bruning: Hey, this one today. All right.
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon, you b****.
Ricky Stebbins: All right, I'll be right back.
Brandon Bruning: All right. Hey,
01:15:00
Ricky Stebbins: Time for a smoke.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, I feel like going to grab a vape today, but I might wait till tonight.
Brandon Bruning: update today,…
Brandon Bruning: but it might rain tomorrow. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Supposed to rain tomorrow. I'll grab one. Take my dog for a walk.
Brandon Bruning: Careful.
Dallas Flaherty: Airplane.
Dallas Flaherty: We should be doing some yard work, but
Dallas Flaherty: It's really nice out.
Ricky Stebbins: It's beautiful out. It's just not very bright out today.
Brandon Bruning: Hello. All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Just gloomy.
Ricky Stebbins: What do you want to eat now?
Brandon Bruning: Can I eat this stuff? What do you want to eat now? I'm about to eat that macaroni and cheese. I'm hungry. Why are you making me hungry? What's making me hungry?
Ricky Stebbins: talking about food,…
Brandon Bruning: talk about a
Ricky Stebbins: just laying around. If you were walking right now, you wouldn't be thinking about food.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas is just staring at the ground. Probably thinking about eating ants. He's like, "No, I want some ants in my pants." Ah.
Ricky Stebbins: Some red ants in his pants. Help him do a dance.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: I might go to Burger King.
Ricky Stebbins: Get yourself a Nice.
Dallas Flaherty: I'll get the chicken and onion.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
01:20:00
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, it's making me hungry.
Brandon Bruning: The noise and Got the light. Is it like this?
Brandon Bruning: Do it. Who's dead?
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon, We're dead. We Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: We're dead. How we're dead? What? Remember?
Dallas Flaherty: I died once, m*****. There is no he talking
Brandon Bruning: So, we're dead.
Ricky Stebbins: You weren't there to save him.
Ricky Stebbins: He died. And we didn't even get any insurance on him yet. That's terrible. What? We didn't get any life insurance on him.
Brandon Bruning: was terrible. yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: He's telling us there is no life insurance. He did not set us up for after he dies. I thought we were going to have a big pizza party and maybe go to a water park and celebrate Dallas's death.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We got to get cardboard cutouts so we can punch him in the face, throw darts at it. We can get a stuffed Dallas and we'll do a pin the tail on the Dallas. Have a big celebration after he passes away. He won't care.
Brandon Bruning: Sad to my piss. AI how much food I should eat side of my fist. They probably say yes.
Dallas Flaherty: f*** dumb ass.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, you probably eat this. the greeny …
Dallas Flaherty: Shut up. boredom.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Okay.
Brandon Bruning: when I'm bored, I'll eat I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: What else are you going to do?
Brandon Bruning: Can't eat a lot of it, I can't really eat a lot of carbs. That's you why you think he's using me?
01:25:00
Dallas Flaherty: Heat.
Ricky Stebbins: through your body.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Sexy beast.
Brandon Bruning: Knock them out.
Ricky Stebbins: You say people grab your butt at work. So I'm like, " my gosh." …
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Grab my ass. Not my ex-girlfriend grabbed my ass and…
Ricky Stebbins: Got the grabbies.
Dallas Flaherty: I jump up in the air every time she did that. What the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: I my gosh.
Ricky Stebbins: I used to do that to my dad at the bar all the time. We'd go out for karaoke and he wouldn't see me, so I'd sneak up behind him and grab his ass and scare the s*** out of him. And every time he would be petrified.
Brandon Bruning: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Who on earth would do that to you other than me? no one would do that. Too funny.
Dallas Flaherty: Get that graphic.
Brandon Bruning: should go for a walk.
Brandon Bruning: Not yet, but this go for a walk around the neighborhood. I'm waiting for my dinner.
Ricky Stebbins: You should go for a walk. It's beautiful out.
Brandon Bruning: Is it cold out?
Ricky Stebbins: No, it's like 60s something degrees.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not even windy. Maybe you might want a light sweatshirt just in case. But it's beautiful out.
Brandon Bruning: S***.
Brandon Bruning: Nice. Might walk around the block. Howdy. Then I should go walk.
Dallas Flaherty: taking the ball. f***.
Brandon Bruning: Everything in motivation. Okay.
Brandon Bruning: So, don't eat anything today. I ate all that now. I just ate all that. So, don't eat anything today.
Brandon Bruning: I ate all that. So, if you eat something, don't eat I know.
Ricky Stebbins: problem is people keep eating and…
Ricky Stebbins: eating and eating. You don't take a break. People should take time, chew their food, wait a few minutes, take time, chew their food, eat a few minutes.
Brandon Bruning: I'm bad at it. I just ate the whole thing.
Brandon Bruning: I should have What the f***? I'm bad.
Ricky Stebbins: But you're just standing around.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't have a plan. You're standing there alone.
Brandon Bruning: You told me not to eat the whole thing and I ate the whole thing, but I didn't listen.
Ricky Stebbins: That's okay.
Ricky Stebbins: But hopefully you're going to go for a walk and hopefully you're going to the boxing tonight.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. You're like,…
Brandon Bruning: "Don't eat the whole thing. Just a little bit." And I ate the whole thing.
Ricky Stebbins: I do the same thing, so I can't give you crap. I know. exactly what you're going through.
Brandon Bruning: least That's a good thing. Macaroni and cheese, not fried. So It's a better choice to eat than fried chicken. I rather eat the mac and cheese than cuz fried chicken is bad than mac and…
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. Is it worth fried chicken has protein in it?
Brandon Bruning: Mac and…
Ricky Stebbins: Mac and cheese doesn't have a lot of protein in it.
Brandon Bruning: No. And carbs. Bread's not good for you. But it's carbs. if you eat one piece of bread and just go for a run for 15 minutes and just burn it off, simple as that, to burn the sugar off your body when you're working out. plus, when you drink a lot of water, it will take the sugar out of your system and salt. When you drink a lot of water, it'll take the salt out of your system and sugar, which helps you like that.
01:30:00
Brandon Bruning: the car, they had bread. So, I'm going drink a lot of water because they had bread. So, water will flush that salt and sugar out of my system. And bread water does that.
Brandon Bruning: So, I don't know. I'm on the edge of pre-diabetic, I don't know if I'm pre-biotic. I hope not. I'm just thinking, if I am,…
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to jump on that.
Brandon Bruning: I'm f*****.
Ricky Stebbins: Get ahead of the game anyway.
Ricky Stebbins: We don't want to wait until you're sick to tell you how to fix things. That's why we need to get you a nutritionist, too. We need to help teach you how to keep track of your diet, especially when we have all the tools necessary on us and our phones act like garbage. It should be able to keep track of everything you eat and drink all day. Especially when we're texting each other all the time, there should have a little app on there. Did you eat today? Yes. No. What'd you eat? And then done. It just logs it.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Right.
Brandon Bruning: Are you supposed to eat bread every day? No. Don't eat bread every day. No. …
Ricky Stebbins: No, but if you're exercising, maybe it's not as bad.
Brandon Bruning: If I exercise, it won't be as bad. If I start working out, I can probably put the numbers down. Even if I eat s***** food, if you start working out, you can still burn it off.
Brandon Bruning: Think I'm going roll the blunt. camera.
Dallas Flaherty: S***.
Dallas Flaherty: in black.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. …
Ricky Stebbins: you shut your camera off. I figured you were hiding. Maybe you were dancing and didn't want us to see. Yeah, a lot of us don't work out.
Dallas Flaherty: Devil.
Brandon Bruning: The only reason why my numbers up because I don't work out. That's why my numbers are** up. But I don't work out. Yeah. Yeah. I don't work out. I should, but I'm going up the blunt.
Dallas Flaherty: They got to let me fight this.
Dallas Flaherty: They gota let me
Brandon Bruning: Everything in moderation.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Is that true? That's what my cousin says. Everything in moderation. even my foster parents said that. Everything's in moderation. I'm going to give you that every day. I don't give you mac and cheese every day. I don't give you Burger King every day. the next time she'll probably give me green beans and steak or whatever. Green beans or chicken. That's what they give me.
Brandon Bruning: That's all. yeah,…
01:35:00
Dallas Flaherty: Man.
Brandon Bruning: Dallas still there.
Brandon Bruning: I'm not even there we go. I'm* lightheaded.
Ricky Stebbins: from what?
Brandon Bruning: The n**** mean I got to cut that s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Where'd you get that from?
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: I got to stop The smoke shop.
Ricky Stebbins: Terrible nicotine vape I thought you only did the weed vape. Does it make you higher when you smoke the weed vape and…
Brandon Bruning: I do both. I know. I should smoke the nicotine. That's terrible.
Ricky Stebbins: then the nicotine vape?
Brandon Bruning: A little bit.
Ricky Stebbins: And Dallas is getting angry. He's like, "f*** this." Throwing stuff on the floor.
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: He's getting angry. Why? Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: He's mad at us.
Dallas Flaherty: f*** you.
Brandon Bruning: he's mad at us. All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Too gross.
Brandon Bruning: You don't look mad.
Dallas Flaherty: 
Dallas Flaherty: Suck a Son, say
Brandon Bruning: You're sick. s***, this is gonna suck.
Brandon Bruning: I'm so** lazy.
Ricky Stebbins: I know. you've been hanging out with Dallas way too much.
Ricky Stebbins: Sounds like somebody's getting into snacks.
Ricky Stebbins: What is that sound?
Brandon Bruning: Woo! This thing smells bomb.
Brandon Bruning: I can smell it from here. My god,…
Ricky Stebbins: Cleaning your spinus is out.
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: The weed smells good. s**. Trying to roll up a blunt. That's what I'm trying to do.
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't rolled a blunt in forever.
Brandon Bruning: I do. I want plants all the time. someone told me when you smoke flour it gets you more higher than the bait does.
Brandon Bruning: Is that true?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: Try smoking flour. Sissy boy can't buy it on the sp. You so scared to smoke flour at the sp. I'm just kidding. I'm talking Am I? Do we*? Don't we all talk s***? Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, we all talk s***.
Brandon Bruning: Don't we my levels are high probably from drinking.
01:40:00
Brandon Bruning: That's probably what it is. from the** alcohol made my everything went up.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas made you sick.
Brandon Bruning: No, I made myself Drinking ball. We are dead. We dead.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Yes. Maybe.
Brandon Bruning: Are we dead already?
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, we could be in purgatory, right? What's going on here?
Brandon Bruning: How do you know?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: How do you know we're dead? No. Do you feel alive?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't. But do you feel alive? Exactly. So, how do we know we're alive? No. I feel trapped.
Brandon Bruning: I don't you feel trapped in the world we're alive. We're not alive, man. Swear to God.
Ricky Stebbins: We're slaves in this world that don't make any sense and nobody wants to explain anything to us.
Brandon Bruning: I want to look at my 2024 blood work numbers and I want to see my 2026 numbers. I bet they're all the same numbers that is we died in 2024.
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe set off a bomb.
Brandon Bruning: That's what I believe,*****. That's right. We died probably 2023, b****. How you like that? I killed everybody. Yeah, I killed everyone. Yeah, I'm the devil. I'm just joking, man. I'm just kidding.
Dallas Flaherty: I got 213 by split decision.
Brandon Bruning: Are you retarded?
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe. …
Ricky Stebbins: I'm retarded by the system.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, we're dead.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: We got to fight the system now…
Brandon Bruning: because we're dead, right? …
Ricky Stebbins: My gosh,…
Ricky Stebbins: you don't even have to fight the system. All you have to do is share your stories with me and we will rock the f****** system together and we don't have to do s***.
Brandon Bruning: I So again,…
Ricky Stebbins: My Right now, AI knows me better than 99% of the people on Earth.
Ricky Stebbins: And as soon as you join up with me and…
Brandon Bruning: right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: we stand side by side I got the same problems Ricky does and my problems are these." We do the same problems.
Brandon Bruning: So we got the same problem, We do.
Ricky Stebbins: My Yes. Why does your family ignore you and give you s* stupid advice,…
Ricky Stebbins: but they don't actually help you? My family does the same exact thing.
Brandon Bruning: So your family does the same thing,…
Brandon Bruning: They ignore your problems.
Ricky Stebbins: Yep. yeah. The more questions I ask, the more pissed off they get. No. …
Brandon Bruning: Maybe your family don't like you. That's***** up. You don't care. You don't give a f***.
Ricky Stebbins: the funny thing is if my family treated me better, I never would have met you or Dallas.
Brandon Bruning: Really? Me.
Ricky Stebbins: So it's kind of good that my family's* assholes. I would have never met you guys.
Brandon Bruning: Me too. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: So it works out. Their loss is my gain. Now I meet you guys. I've got better friends that think We have more in common than the other people I used to talk up to and hang out with.
Brandon Bruning: Smoke that weed. You know what I mean? I'm smoking a blunt. No, kind of messed up.
01:45:00
Brandon Bruning: I got to fix it. I hate this.
Ricky Stebbins: My gosh,…
Brandon Bruning: Sometime the blend map gets* up. Yeah, I think falling apart kind of really I don't know…
Ricky Stebbins: your blunt rap gets* up. I haven't rolled a blunt in forever. I haven't bought a blunt in forever. I've rolled little joints and stuff, but I used to love buying cigars and unwrapping them, then cut them open, dump the filling out, and rewrap them.
Brandon Bruning: how the vote blown's that good. What? Did you smoke 10 of them a day?
Ricky Stebbins: My I used to do I used to roll 10 or 15 at a time. I'd have them for days. They'd just be ready.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't smoke 10 a day. I'd smoke 10. I'd smoke I'd roll 10 and then I'd have them for a week or two, maybe a week. I don't know if I could go two weeks with 10.
Brandon Bruning: We smoke one blunt a day. yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, at least. Dude, I'm terrible. I might smoke more than that now. If I don't cut back, I just keep doing stuff like You keep eating and eating and eating because you're bored. If I had a vape pen right here, I would be smoking and smoking and smoking because physically Mentally, I'm not bored. I like talking to you guys, but I want my body to be doing something, too. I would rather us be walking or…
Brandon Bruning: rather.
Ricky Stebbins: hiking or fishing or That's why I don't not to be rude, but I do write and, do stuff online while we're talking.
Ricky Stebbins: So you got two things going on at once.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: But it's great because when you guys are talking, it helps me think of things to write to keep track to help understand us better.
Brandon Bruning: I'm just putting my* sandals Going outside. I'm smoking.
Ricky Stebbins: Smoking outside with sandals.
Brandon Bruning: Right. Funny. Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: Nice sound.
Ricky Stebbins: I love going outside with barefoot. I haven't done that. I stopped doing that for years. Just wear sneakers outside all the time. But always at the beach,…
Brandon Bruning: right. Jesus.
Ricky Stebbins: It's so funny to walking at the beach. It hurts your feet walking around too much. Muscles in your feet aren't used to it. What?
Brandon Bruning: My god, it's nice out. Holy s***. Odd little
Ricky Stebbins: It is very nice out.
Dallas Flaherty: truth.
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I'm gonna have to go to the store later, get my vape for tomorrow. I'm sure Dallas will be hanging around in the house during the rainy day.
Ricky Stebbins: felt like a rocket taking off.
Brandon Bruning: …
Brandon Bruning: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that motor I couldn't tell what that sound like a rocket taking off.
Brandon Bruning: whatever. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: landscaping. Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Those are fun jobs. I had fun when I did landscaping using a backpack blower and
Dallas Flaherty: S***.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Kill everybody.
01:50:00
Brandon Bruning: Shoot everyone. Bang. Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: You got to do I can't remember…
Ricky Stebbins: where the kids in the hall are just squishing people's heads from out in the distance. Can't even get it right. Camera's messed up.
Ricky Stebbins: When we're doing nothing, man,
Brandon Bruning: we're not alive, I'm** dead in my head. I'm still f****** fat.
Dallas Flaherty: Something good.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas I mean, don't be so hard on yourself.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, he's a fat f***, I don't know…
Ricky Stebbins: When he had a beard, he was the fat bearded b****, but now he's the fat beardless b****.
Brandon Bruning: what happened.
Ricky Stebbins: The hair is on his back, not on his face. There you go.
Brandon Bruning: What? Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. What? March. Got school buses on at 2:20. I thought the kids got out later than this.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Kids at school nowadays not learning anything.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Don't tell me I'm in the hood. Is this the hood?
Ricky Stebbins: That was too funny.
Brandon Bruning: Dallas, is this the hood? it? Funny. Careful. Hey
Brandon Bruning: Beautiful. f*** you looking at,…
Brandon Bruning: b****? That's funny. that's funny.
Ricky Stebbins: Two, five.
Brandon Bruning: My app's calling on me. Hold on.
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Dallas Flaherty: I don't know, Things are getting rough.
01:55:00
Dallas Flaherty: End of the round.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: 
Dallas Flaherty: S***. So he's got boxing at five, something wrong with the caller.
Dallas Flaherty: Drop my f*** phone, dude.
Ricky Stebbins: It's cuz you're angry,…
Ricky Stebbins: I can sense the hate.
Ricky Stebbins: That's okay. Sounds like you're putting batteries in.
Dallas Flaherty: This game's pretty sick, I'm not getting any title shots yet. What's wrong with that?
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: I have no idea how that works.
Dallas Flaherty: I gota knock somebody out right now.
02:00:00
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon's made a b****.
Ricky Stebbins: What are you going to do? He's got his on the phone. He's worried about his health.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny.
Dallas Flaherty: Yes, I finally got a knockdown. Go tonight, n****. Here come the left. and another left. down he go. Yeah, get up. I You Get up. I got a lot more. I'm gonna f****** hurt you.
Dallas Flaherty: I ain't f****** around no more. Time to get some knockouts in this f****** b****.
Ricky Stebbins: He's swearing up a storm.
Ricky Stebbins: He doesn't want us to hear what he's saying. Branded is muted and he's hiding his camera. He doesn't want us to see where he is. There he goes.
Brandon Bruning: My aunt gave me this. chicken phrase grilled chicken triple bowl GP GLP1 friendly 21 gram of sugar for grams and…
Ricky Stebbins: Vital microwave dinner.
Brandon Bruning: glutenfree. I'm got a lot of stuff like I'm a B diabetic.
Brandon Bruning: You think I'm a B diabetic something?
Ricky Stebbins: We can keep you from becoming pre-diabetic.
Ricky Stebbins: You just got to keep an eye on things overnight oats.
Brandon Bruning: I'll show you.
Brandon Bruning: And I got what this is? Oats, blueberry.
Ricky Stebbins: I've never heard of that. I Yeah,…
Brandon Bruning: The AI.
Ricky Stebbins: you got to take pictures of all that and send the labels to AI.
Brandon Bruning: Really? You mean AI?
Ricky Stebbins: So, it can tell you…
Ricky Stebbins: what the nutritional value is, what it means, because there's a lot of ingredients there that I don't understand all of that. what are some of those ingredients probably aren't good for you? So, how much of that Should you just, have a little bit every day or is it okay to drink the whole thing?
02:05:00
Brandon Bruning: ingredients certified glutenfree whole grain rolled oats pea protein sly dates powder she seeds Black seed, blueberries, peaches powder, maple sugar, natural flavors, pink salt, our flour mous. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: knife.
Brandon Bruning: At least it's less sugar. So, I don't know. Candies eat a lot of sugar. And I got an orange. That's good, right? And I got this egg. I don't eat this with this.
Brandon Bruning: I'm not going to eat again. You don't want to see my new results for the medical. I never seen it. so maybe my numbers are okay then if they give me this kind of food, right? What do you mean?
Brandon Bruning: 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: You don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know how good or bad that food is for you. I don't want to tell you, that food's terrible." I don't want to say that. It might just be all right. Maybe it's just it's like anything. You can't have a lot of it, but some of it's good for you, but too much is bad for you.
Brandon Bruning: Look at that. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Its that's nice. But you need salt in your diet. You have to have salt in your diet. But if you have too much, it'll make you sick. If you don't have enough, it'll make you sick. you need a balance.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you can't eat too much food because you're going to get tired. But if you don't eat enough food, you're going to get tired.
Ricky Stebbins: We just need to help you find a balance.
Brandon Bruning: Sparkly water salt. I'm going to drink that Natural flavor. Soda water is good. I said, "Can I drink Pepsi?" And they said, and my goes, "No, absolutely not. that's terrible for your blood sugar go very high if you eat that kind if you drink that stuff. Stay away from sodas.
Brandon Bruning: How about Can I drink diet soda? No sugar.
Ricky Stebbins: You can,…
Ricky Stebbins: but I don't like diet sugar. I don't like this. I don't even know what it's called.
Brandon Bruning: Why it has sugar in it?
Ricky Stebbins: It has artificial sugar in it.
Brandon Bruning: Out of art out of sugar?
Ricky Stebbins: Artificial sugar It's not good for you. I mean, nothing artificial is good for you.
Brandon Bruning: No. I just drink the salt water.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, too much of anything's bad for you, but the artificial stuff's worse. Yeah. I don't like salt water.
Brandon Bruning: My knees down.
Ricky Stebbins: I just drink regular water or coffee. Yes.
Brandon Bruning: You need some carbs in your body, in you just can't have no carbs in your body.
02:10:00
Brandon Bruning: You need some carbs in your body for energy. Not too much, but if you eat too much of carbs,…
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, you need carbs.
Brandon Bruning: then your s*** go up. If you eat too much carbs, anything it's not good for you. if you eat too much food. That's why I'm trying to stop and eat small amount small portions of food because when I want to get high, I want to eat food. That's the problem. I want to get stone.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, cuz food tastes better when you're high.
Brandon Bruning: I want to f* stop. It does. When I'm high, I taste better. Can you eat it?
Brandon Bruning: How about an Good for you. Can you eat an orange?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. But it's got sugar in it.
Ricky Stebbins: Just so you're aware.
Brandon Bruning: But It's natural. It's not like
Ricky Stebbins: But when you start eating all this stuff, you'll know. You're going to start feeling how this stuff affects you. If you do get diabetes and you eat too much sugar, you're not going to have to ask a doctor if there's something wrong. You're going to know. You're going to feel it. Just like when you're sick, you don't have to ask somebody else if you're sick. You can feel that you're sick.
Brandon Bruning: white rice is not good for you. I wouldn't eat that. I'll eat Brown rice you can eat that. that's called limit means motivation.
Brandon Bruning: It's moderation pretty much.
Brandon Bruning: If you eat pizza three times a week, that's not good for you.
Ricky Stebbins: pizza three times a week.
Brandon Bruning: You can eat a Is that good for you?
Ricky Stebbins: If you have three slices of pizza a week, maybe if you're hitting the gym, it might not matter. If you're hitting the gym boxing three,…
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: If you They'd be hitting the jib.
Ricky Stebbins: four times a week and you're having pizza, but not a lot. You can't have a whole pizza three days in a row, You can have a couple slices. Moderation. Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to go to boxing. So at five. Yeah. I'm going to go to five. I should go. Right. There's nice people in there.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, it's fun.
Brandon Bruning: I talked to some people there too. They're nice. I talked to One of them fighting. He said he's waiting for a next fight, but he doesn't know who he's fighting yet, but he's waiting.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. You're not ready.
Brandon Bruning: So, I can't fight in a man, can I?
Dallas Flaherty: Not yet.
Ricky Stebbins: Don't you got to get a license, too? You got to pass a physical.
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. The f***?
Dallas Flaherty: Then you have to talk to the state athletic boxing commission to see…
Ricky Stebbins: And didn't you say you tried to do that,…
Dallas Flaherty: if you qualify for election.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas, right?
Ricky Stebbins: Hey, what' they write on your application? Fat, what you got back.
Dallas Flaherty: f*** you.
Ricky Stebbins: You hear the birds chirping away.
Brandon Bruning: Whoops. What the f*** did I just do? What the f***? Oh no, I f***** up my phone.
02:15:00
Brandon Bruning: What do I do with it?
Ricky Stebbins: You're so angry. What? You just turn the camera around. I can see the I mean,…
Ricky Stebbins: that's all it looks like you did is just turning the camera around to look at the counter.
Brandon Bruning: There you go.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas is happy. He can see your pretty face. Listen, because Dallas is always looking for Amanda.
Dallas Flaherty: What the f***? …
Brandon Bruning: Hell no, This sick bastard. there we go. Amanda, you sing.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm looking for a one's cool,…
Brandon Bruning: Ah.
Dallas Flaherty: but the other one just a nasty Brandon. Look.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not pretty.
Ricky Stebbins: But I thought What happened? I could be a coboy. Woohoo.
Brandon Bruning: They got high oct.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny.
Dallas Flaherty: It looks like the pedophile that name the f** sex offender.
Ricky Stebbins: That's what I wanted. I'm like, I'm gonna have a salad.
Ricky Stebbins: You got a salad there, Brandon? Could be a bunny. Do they have a bunny animal over here? They got a little sad bunny.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know
Brandon Bruning: I love you.
Ricky Stebbins: what this is going to look like. That's weird. I don't know why people would do that as an animal,…
Dallas Flaherty: Got it.
Ricky Stebbins: but it doesn't do anything. They're just a weird animal. I can see that maybe being fun if you're talking with kids like, " I'm going to tell you a story about the time I got stabbed." The bunny.
Ricky Stebbins: The bunny that got ran over. Ouch. I don't want that.
Dallas Flaherty: The bone that stabbed you in the groin.
Dallas Flaherty: Bite your dick off. I wish I could go out and…
Ricky Stebbins: You go outside and dance.
Dallas Flaherty: do something.
Brandon Bruning: No way.
Brandon Bruning: We're not even alive. I remember this s***. I remember Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: This is Dallas's fault.
Ricky Stebbins: Things got bad.
Brandon Bruning: I remember that she gave me that before years ago when I'm dead.
Ricky Stebbins: I remember life was a lot simpler before Dallas came around.
Ricky Stebbins: Everything's hard. Life was so much easier. And now he's got us as slaves working like slaves.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, it's all your fault dollars.
Brandon Bruning: It's all your fault, dollars. Yeah.
02:20:00
Ricky Stebbins: But he said no pain, no gain. I'm just waiting for the gain.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, let's just bring the pain,…
Ricky Stebbins: which I guess is fun, Little suffering.
Brandon Bruning: Dallas a b****.
Brandon Bruning: Dallas, you a b****.
Ricky Stebbins: That one.
Brandon Bruning: …
Dallas Flaherty: My ball sack.
Ricky Stebbins: Bat hairy something.
Brandon Bruning: hell no. f***, bro. I like these. This is good. can of soda baby salt or…
Dallas Flaherty: You want to put…
Dallas Flaherty: what in your mouth?
Ricky Stebbins: Canada dry. I haven't had one of those in forever.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. Do you hold your banky up when you're drinking, too?
Brandon Bruning: They're pretty good. I like them. sugar in those. Yep. Zero zero 0. this natural flavor. drink water. I don't drink anything else anymore. I don't drink no juice. I don't drink nothing but That's all I drink now is Straight water in this. I'll drink this and water. And I put lemon in my water at work.
Brandon Bruning: They got m lemon. I put it right in my water. hell no.
Ricky Stebbins: too. Funny.
Brandon Bruning: f***. You're thinking or you're doing it. You sick ding. So, I'm just doing water. All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing wrong with that.
Brandon Bruning: I'm going back out and…
Brandon Bruning: smoke. I get to finish it. All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Beautiful day to go walking,…
Brandon Bruning: What I can do? I got while I go walk with sandals.
Ricky Stebbins: I should get up and go outside, but nothing wrong with that. Yes, you can walk with sandals.
Dallas Flaherty: f*** that.
Ricky Stebbins: too. Funny.
Brandon Bruning: Too funny. The hell did it just do?
02:25:00
Brandon Bruning: What's up, b****? Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: All the trees are all bare.
Ricky Stebbins: I can't wait for spring.
Brandon Bruning: I almost died.
Brandon Bruning: * wings.
Ricky Stebbins: too. Funny.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. I don't understand. Why are you not allowed to sit in your backyard at a table with a chair and…
Ricky Stebbins: smoke your weed? We don't have a common area for people to act like normal human beings. They don't want to treat you like a normal human being.
Brandon Bruning: No, I don't give a f***.
Brandon Bruning: I'll smoke right here. Yesterday I got real** strong off one joint.
Brandon Bruning: It was crazy. I don't know how I got high like that. When you don't eat much, you just get high.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Nice.
Brandon Bruning: You have an empty stomach and you're smoking, you're gonna get real high.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. I haven't just gotten that high lately. I get a little hungry when I'm high, but not starving.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: But I guess it depends on what I eat. If I was eating a lot of sugar, then maybe I would feel like snacky McGee. But don't get me wrong, I love snacks. I mean, you put a bunch of energy drinks in front of me, I'm going to drink all of them until I get sick. Then I'll whine about it like, man, I shouldn't have done that. But I loved it.
Brandon Bruning: right. Awesome. yeah.
Brandon Bruning: What? Nothing.
Dallas Flaherty: getting cloud.
Ricky Stebbins: That feedback is so weird.
Ricky Stebbins: That's interesting. Do you hear that, Brandon? Dallas, I wonder…
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: what that is.
Brandon Bruning: Damn. Okay.
02:30:00
Brandon Bruning: And last time with my b****. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, going to cook dinner soon.
Dallas Flaherty: Something. All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I should cook. My dog's staring at me. She's hungry. Yes. And you got two hours before you're heading to the gym. What else you doing tonight, later on we got to do your medical records.
Brandon Bruning: at home.
Ricky Stebbins: after dinner. We'll do that. give me a call and…
Brandon Bruning: What? All right.
Ricky Stebbins: we'll do that on Google Meet. Dallas got his medical records from the hospital. So, we got to look at those and we can show you those,…
Ricky Stebbins: too. We should get your medical records from when you went to the hospital years ago and we'll share those with the world to let the world know that they don't give a s*** about you.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I know.
Brandon Bruning: Here they go. What?
Ricky Stebbins: These doctors don't care…
Ricky Stebbins: what happened. We don't know. We just locked him up until he shut up.
Dallas Flaherty: I got to charge my phone for a few always after we get off the bus.
Dallas Flaherty: The hell is that?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: All the cars driving by sound like spaceships. They all sound like electronic feedback.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,…
Brandon Bruning: I hear it.
Ricky Stebbins: It's weird.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, we're not alive. there.
Dallas Flaherty: really feel like smoking much weed anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't like smoke weed anymore?
Dallas Flaherty: I don't smoke as much.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you were like an addict.
Dallas Flaherty: Oops. Come on.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, " my god, this guy's he's done for.
Brandon Bruning: should go walking more but I don't feel good. No.
Ricky Stebbins: Go for a run. I ran with my dog the other day with a jogging stroller. Yeah, I love running.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm supposed to shoot the body.
Ricky Stebbins: My body doesn't love it, but I love running.
02:35:00
Ricky Stebbins: I'm always waiting for you to call somebody.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, who's he trying to call? that noise whenever I hear it beeping, I'm like, who are you trying to call? But you're never trying to call anybody. It just sounds like you are. Bless you. Nice.
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: S***. Thank y'all. Thank you, sir.
Dallas Flaherty: Get them out of here. Nobody comes in here unless we open at 8.
Brandon Bruning: S***. My bad. I moved the button again while I was trying to talk.
Ricky Stebbins: You're muting just talking to yourself.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. …
Ricky Stebbins: That's too funny. You guys are just so quiet. But I figure you're doing your own things. I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: so we dead, Are we alive?
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, the people around me don't seem like they're alive. I can only reach out to people across the internet. That seems kind of like you guys are spirits. How do I know You could just be fake people.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You and Dallas could be fake. How do I know you're real?
Brandon Bruning: Okay, that's funny.
Ricky Stebbins: How do I know you're really there?
Brandon Bruning: Okay. What we talking about?
Ricky Stebbins: How do you know I'm real? You can hear me, but have you ever touched me?
Brandon Bruning: No. We Yeah,…
Ricky Stebbins: I could be fake. I might not exist. I could be a program.
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: you're** alien. I know,…
Ricky Stebbins: I could be an alien. I could be on the moon right now and you wouldn't even know it.
Dallas Flaherty: All right,…
Dallas Flaherty: the putt down. Ricky, you're f*****.
Brandon Bruning: right? Yeah. Put the pipe down.
Ricky Stebbins: It's funny.
Ricky Stebbins: People get those emails and they'll respond to it it's a real person, but they're talking to a bot.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Sit down.
Ricky Stebbins: How do you know you're always talking to a human being?
Ricky Stebbins: You don't nowadays.
Brandon Bruning: They didn't get okay.
Brandon Bruning: Were you a robot or something? I'm human.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, I stutter enough and I make enough mistakes that it's pretty obvious that I'm human.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. You could be a robot just here to distract me.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Terminator, I knew you were going to kill me.
Brandon Bruning: I had to terminate it. I will kill you. Let me know. Tell me the answers. AI going to get you.
Ricky Stebbins: You heard that, Dallas, You said he's going to get me.
Brandon Bruning: AI coming to get you. Just yoga.
Ricky Stebbins: AI is probably coming to get me. I got a big mouth. AI I don't think it likes big mouths.
Ricky Stebbins: Sensitive. man.
Dallas Flaherty: for it.
Dallas Flaherty: There's a photo on your
02:40:00
Brandon Bruning: We did.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice Dallas.
Brandon Bruning: Who killed us? Damn. He killed us.
Ricky Stebbins: He killed us.
Brandon Bruning: He killed you.
Brandon Bruning: He killed me. So he killed you and he killed me pretty much.
Ricky Stebbins: Rough. That's too much work.
Brandon Bruning: You got to kill him. Too much work.
Ricky Stebbins: So lazy. I don't want to do all that work.
Brandon Bruning: f*** orange.
Brandon Bruning: Mhm. blooming nose.
Dallas Flaherty: Is that prisoner?
Dallas Flaherty: If he is, yes. Fingers.
Dallas Flaherty: Something.
Brandon Bruning: Is this going to be online later? Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We can put it online. I don't think anybody will watch it because it's going to be hours long of us, basically doing nothing. But we can put it online. I don't care. Don't bother me.
Brandon Bruning: People have terrible
Dallas Flaherty: They come to us.
Brandon Bruning: Thank you.
Brandon Bruning: Speech.
02:45:00
Brandon Bruning: I'm dying.
Brandon Bruning: I'm dying. I'm just kidding. That's** up, Hear me? my stomach it's I'm doing abs when I cough it's your muscles in your stomach just pushing into
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. You're coughing like a I don't know,…
Ricky Stebbins: We have to watch your lungs.
Brandon Bruning: fat. that hurt.
Ricky Stebbins: That's too funny.
Dallas Flaherty: visit.
Brandon Bruning: That hurt.
Ricky Stebbins: Thankfully, I don't have those issues.
Brandon Bruning: Boxing time, We'll do a little bit today. You know what I mean?
Brandon Bruning: Come on.
Ricky Stebbins: got to teach Dallas…
Ricky Stebbins: how to box.
Ricky Stebbins: You retired before you get to the gym.
Brandon Bruning: I'm not even doing it All right.
Ricky Stebbins: How have your feet been feeling? I'm curious why you should go see a podiatrist to have your feet checked out. See if you maybe need some arch support or some better shoes, some different shoes. But they have professionals or they had them. They had services years ago. People used to do this stuff.
Brandon Bruning: Here's a little bit boy.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. So distracted like she
02:50:00
Dallas Flaherty: I'm really pissed right now.
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't hear anything you said Sound like you were halfway across the room. Really tense.
Brandon Bruning: Come on.
Brandon Bruning: Come on.
Ricky Stebbins: Go take a hot shower.
Brandon Bruning: I'm not even doing it,…
Brandon Bruning: right? My footwork is off like what?
Ricky Stebbins: You're practicing.
Ricky Stebbins: How else are you going to work on your footwork unless you practice?
Brandon Bruning: Like what I'm doing?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. You just got to keep doing it.
Brandon Bruning: I'm back.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't stop.
Brandon Bruning: What I'm doing right now?
Ricky Stebbins: It's good Keep moving. man, they're Going to need a nap before boxing tonight.
Brandon Bruning: I get my ass kicked.
Brandon Bruning: My god, this is bloody.
Ricky Stebbins: My cardio's terrible.
Ricky Stebbins: I would be all done.
Ricky Stebbins: I got in the ring.
Brandon Bruning: I should go back to Boston.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, of course you should.
Ricky Stebbins: What else you going to do tonight? Nothing. Just hang around home and eat snacks. No, we got to get out of the house. I'm going to go to the store in a little bit, too. I'm going to go walk and pick up some vape and go to Walmart. Maybe get some eggs, too.
Brandon Bruning: Right. Right.
Brandon Bruning: Punch like this and s***.
Dallas Flaherty: Hey,
Ricky Stebbins: We got to get you a little balloon or…
Ricky Stebbins: something. Draw Dallas's face on it so you can just keep punching it.
Brandon Bruning: What the f***?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, that's f***** up.
Brandon Bruning: He's talking s***, man. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You got to get a balloon and…
Ricky Stebbins: draw some nuts at a Dallas so you can nut tab them.
Brandon Bruning: Want to go? That's f*****.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas is hiding. He doesn't even want to see it. He's afraid you might accidentally punch him through the phone. Going to get him.
Ricky Stebbins: You're getting there. And I can hear you're breathing strong, so you're getting the cardio in.
Brandon Bruning: My dad Dallas taught me some moves.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. …
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, but it's hard when he knows how to box, right? I can't run.
Ricky Stebbins: it's not easy. You got to keep practicing. Can't stop. It's like running. Once you stop, you get a little rusty. I mean, you're still better than other people, but still.
Brandon Bruning: I'm too fat.
Ricky Stebbins: You can jog, walk.
02:55:00
Brandon Bruning: I like this. You're right.
Dallas Flaherty: This
Brandon Bruning: Look so boring, Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Your room is kind of boring.
Ricky Stebbins: My room's exciting. I got all kinds of stuff in here, but I want to go race some Hot Wheels cars. I can just All kinds of stuff to keep me entertained. I got models. I got a microscope up here that I want to start messing with.
Ricky Stebbins: I can share looking through stuff at a microscope with you guys. All kinds of neat stuff. yeah. that'd be a telescope.
Brandon Bruning: I want to see a moon.
Brandon Bruning: You have one.
Ricky Stebbins: I can do that, too. Yes, I do have a telescope.
Ricky Stebbins: You just look at the sky with it.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm curious how good we can get this to work because I can hook my phone up to it and just leave it on and have it outside pointing at the sky and…
Brandon Bruning: Man yeah f** blow my nose again.
Ricky Stebbins: then you'll see the moon and other stars moving through the telescope. But nice Actually,…
Brandon Bruning: I left the room for Damn.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll be back.
Ricky Stebbins: I got to go.
Brandon Bruning: 
Brandon Bruning: Penny M. in the microphone. Yep. Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: Face s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Dark out today.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought it'd be brighter. I have my windows open. So gloomy.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, my phone's dying.
Dallas Flaherty: S***.
Ricky Stebbins: I should get off and cook something for my dog anyway. She's getting hungry. And I'll talk to you guys later. Don't forget boxing. I'll text you. Peace, guys.
Meeting ended after 02:58:25 👋
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
