Springfield Police Department

130 Pearl Street • P.O. Box 308

Springfield, MA 01101

(413) 787-6313

THE CITY OF

SPRINGFIELD, MASSACHUSETTS

Mr. Richard Stebbins

176A South St.

West warren, MA 01092

June 5, 2013

SO# 13-019

Dear Mr. Stebbins, In regard to the complaint you filed on March 7, 2013, please be advised that the subsequent investigation and reports were reviewed.

In order for you to understand our internal investigation process I should give you some background. Through various sources the Springfield Police Department receives a Citizen's Complaint. Based upon the complaint I will order an investigation. Generally that investigation is conducted by the Internal Investigations Unit. When the case is thoroughly investigated it is then brought before the Community Police Hearing Board. The Board consists of seven members of the community, residents of Springfield and appointed by the Mayor, with the authority to hear internally investigated cases and offers recommendations to me as to their findings. It is then investigation the commanding officer makes a recommendation regarding the case. The case is then reviewed by a deputy police chief who then makes a recommendation again based upon the facts brought forth in the case. The case is then brought for my review. I make a determination based upon the facts presented. I can accept, reject or modify the recommendations of the commanding officer and the deputy chief. By contractual agreements with sworn personnel I have a certain amount of time within which I can act regarding disciplinary matters. 

In this particular case, on January 16, 2013 you were arrested. According to your complaint, you were walking in the parking lot of Wal-Mart when you were struck by a vehicle. This caused a series of events which also resulted in damage the rear window of the vehicle. You stated that you suffered injury to preexisting conditions. You complained that you told the officers on scene and also in the booking area about your injuries and the need for medical attention but received none.

At the time you submitted your complaint you also signed a HIPPA medical release form to allow the investigator access to your medical records.

About a week later you were interviewed by the assigned investigator. You provided an incident report from Wal-Mart security and a website address that contained a video recording of the incident. You performed a reenactment of the incident in an effort to clarify some points to the investigator. 

You offered another complaint about the officers. You stated that they did not identify themselves as police officers when they arrived on scene. The investigator mentioned that the fact that they were in uniform and arrived in a marked police cruiser seemed to suffice as identification. 

You offered that it is possible for someone to have a fake uniform and equipment. You told the investigator that after you were bailed out of jail you were driven to your mother's house and from there went to the hospital with your wife. You also advised the investigator of your intent to sue the individuals involved in the matter for filing a false police report. 

The medical documents were reviewed. The documents indicated that the X-rays provided no indication of new injury. There was note of indentations on your wrists. The documents also noted that you informed the physician that you purposely struck the rear window of the vehicle with your elbow because the driver did not stop after striking you. When the investigator inquired as to this information you did not have a reason why you told the doctor that. 

The investigator interviewed witnesses regarding the matter. One witness' attention was drawn because you were yelling at the person in the SUV. The witness heard you swearing, making racist comments and saw you striking the vehicle on the passenger side repeatedly with a milk jug. You were described as two to three feet away from the vehicle and only stopped striking the vehicle with the milk jug when it burst open. The witness stated that your foot was never struck by the vehicle. The witness also described you as walking over to the vehicle and punching the rear window causing it to shatter. 

The investigator interviewed another witness who corroborated the account of the previously mentioned witness. 

The operator of the vehicle offered that it is her belief that you struck her vehicle as she drove slowly by. She commented that you then kept striking her vehicle on the passenger side with the milk jug. You then punched the vehicle and finally shattered the rear window. She also recalled that you called her a racist name and threatened to "crack" her skull. 

The security for Wal-Mart was interviewed and stated that he thought that the incident was a domestic dispute. He stated that the next day you asked him for an incident report and he quickly authored one for you. 

The booking video recording was reviewed. Throughout the recording there was no indication that you were experiencing any discomfort in the areas of the body that you allege were injured in the incident. You are observed washing the cut to your hand and being offered first aid by the booking sergeant. There is audio recording of the sergeant telling you that someone would look at your injured hand and determine if you need further medical treatment at a hospital. 

The booking release video recording was reviewed. You did not appear to have any discomfort when bending and putting your clothes back on. You are also observed talking and moving your hands in an apparently pain free manner.


The booking photographs show the hand abrasion. It also shows your wrists which do not appear to have the indentations that were described in your previously mentioned medical records. 

The individual who fingerprinted you was interviewed. He stated that, while he does not remember you specifically, when a person asks for medical treatment it is his normal practice to inform the booking sergeant or one of the booking officers. 

The booking personnel stated that you showed no evidence of injury other than your hand abrasion and you did not ask for medical treatment beyond the first aid that was administered at the time of booking. The officers on the next shift noted that you wrote on the property slip as you were being released that you wanted medical treatment. When one of the officers asked why you wrote that, you informed him that you wanted medical treatment. The officer advised you to seek the treatment upon release which was minutes away. 

The complained of officers were interviewed and denied any unprofessional actions. They recount being dispatched to the scene and observing the damage to the vehicle. They saw you standing back with a cloth wrapped around your right hand. The officers interviewed the individuals and made a determination to arrest you. The officers also viewed and obtained a copy of the Wal-Mart parking lot surveillance video. The video recording showed you striking the vehicle with the milk jug and then punching the rear window causing it to shatter. The officers stated that, once under arrest and being transported to the police station for booking, you told them that if you were being arrested you wanted to go to the hospital to have your hand stitched. You then laughed. 

The officers stated that they would tell the booking sergeant and the decision to transport you to a hospital would be made there. The officers noted that they told the sergeant of your hand abrasion. They deny your allegation that the handcuffs were too tight on your wrists. The officers stated that they took the precaution of double locking the handcuffs to avoid them closing further on you wrists. 

After careful consideration of the results of this investigation, it was determined that the case was not sustained. The Springfield Police Department will take no further action. 

Please be assured that the Springfield Police Department takes seriously allegations made against its members. We therefore appreciate your taking the time to bring your concerns to our

attention.

Sincerely,

William J. Fitchet

William J. Fitchet

Police Commissioner

