COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS
NOTICE OF ATTORNEY
HAMPDEN, SS. SPRINGFIELD DISTRICT COURT
TO: Clerk of the Court
Please place upon the Criminal Motion List the following case (s):
Docket No.: \~~()d.~~
COMMONWEALTH vs. Richard Stebbins Docket No.: 1323CR0284
COMMONWEALTH vs. Docket No.: _
COMMONWEALTH vs. Docket No.: _
COMMONWEALTH vs. Docket No.: _
FOR HEARING ON: MON TUES (WED) THURS FRI
Date of Hearing: May 29, 2013
Court Room No.: Ct#3 (J. Hadley)

Notice must be in the hands of the Clergy three (3) days before the motion list. The
original motion must be filed in the Clerk's Office with this notice.

I hereby certify I have given notice in writing in the above case as required by the
Rules of the District Court of August 13, 1975 ... *

* by delivering same personally or by mail to: DISTRICT COURT, PROSECUTING
ATTORNEY, COUNSEL for companion case, if private complaint to
COMPLAINING PARTY, POLICE DEPARTMENT involved, PROBATION
DEPARTMENT.

Date: May 20 2013
ATTORNEY RANDY J. MILOU






COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS
HAMPDEN, SS. DISTRICT COURT DEPARTMENT
SPRINGFIELD DIVISION
DOCKET No.: 1323CR0284
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS
V.
RICHARD STEBBINS
MOTION TO SET ASIDE THE VERDICT AND
DIRECT A FINDING OF NOT GUILTY
OR IN THE ALTERNATIVE TO VACATE THE CONVICTION
AND ORDER A NEW TRIAL

Now comes the Defendant in the above-entitled case, and pursuant to Mass. R. Crim.
P. 25(b)(2), respectfully requests this Honorable Court to set aside the verdicts and to
direct findings of not guilty, on in the alternative, pursuant to Mass. R. Crim. P. 30, to
vacate the conviction and order a new trial.
As grounds therefore, the Defendant states that the verdict are so far against the
current of evidence that to allow them to stand would perpetrate a serious injustice. The
Defendant, who appeared pro se on the day of trial, provided to the Trial Judge a video
tape of the events that took place. This evidence in connection with the facts of the case
warrant a finding of Not Guilty. In the alternative the Defendant respectfully requests that
this Honorable Court vacate the conviction and order a new trial.

FOR THE DEFENDANT,
Date: May 20,2013
~~
Law Offices of Randy J. Milou
P.O. Box 1015
West Springfield, MA 01090
Tel: 413-781-5400
Fax: 413-739-0801
BBO#: 666847
- 1 -





COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS
HAMPDEN, SS. DISTRICT COURT DEPARTMENT
SPRINGFIELD DIVISION
DOCKET No.: 1323CR0284
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS
V.
RICHARD STEBBINS



AFFIDAVIT IN SUPPORT OF MOTION

I, RANDY J. MILOU, do hereby depose and say that the following is true to the best
of my knowledge, understanding and belief:

1. The Defendant appeared pro se for the Trial that took place on May 1,2013.

2. After trial the Defendant was found Guilty of (1) Malicious Damage to a
Motor Vehicle, and (2) Disorderly Conduct.

3. The evidence that was admitted at trial does not deem sufficient to support a
find of Guilty for either charge.

4. The Defendant provided the Judge with a video recording of the incident as it
was captured from the Walmart Security Camera. This video is consistent with
the Defendant's version of events.

5. The Defendant has also provided a statement of his version of events. This is
similar (in not the same) as the testimony provided by the Defendant at Trial.
Attached as Exhibit "A".

6. The Defendant is also providing a witness statement that has just been
procured.

7. This affidavit was prepared solely for purposes of litigating this motion and
does not contain all of the information known to the Defendant. Attached as
Exhibit "B".

- 1 -


Sworn to under the pains and penalties of perjury this 20th day of May, 2013.
Randy J. Mi 0 sq.
Law Office of Randy J. Milou
P.O. Box 1015
West Springfield, MA 01090
Tel: 413-781-5400
Fax: 413-739-0801
BBO#: 666847
- 2 -




EXHIBIT "A"




On Wednesday January 16th at 14:03:58 I began my exit from Walmart in Springfield, MA the
weather conditions were an icy rain with a slight wind .. I walked toward the row of cars where I
was parked and started on from what my perspective was the right side of the row. In the
meantime a vehicle began backing out of a space as I was walking towards it. I don't believe they
saw me, but they were backing out slow enough that I felt safe in crossing over to the left side of
the row, my car was parked on the left side, farther away from the front of the store, so crossing
seemed the logical thing to do. I made it to the left side of the row before the vehicle backing up
finished reversing, At which point I looked up to see what was in front of me. I saw a group of
approximately six people on the same side I was on, a woman and some younger children and I
saw a white SUV slowed almost to a stop in the middle 113ofthe isle approximately 30 feet
away from me with the driver on what appeared to be a cell phone. So I continued my walk
towards my car and the group of children looking down because of the icy conditions and seeing
that there was presently trash thrown on the ground by customers of Walmart and more
importantly I didn't want to slip and fall on ice covered pavement. A few moments later I was
struck by the right mirror and the body of the same SUV that had been a safe distance away
shortly before, I never saw it coming, the driver must have swerved towards me because I didn't
weave into the middle of the road while walking. the mirror hit my right bicep and the body of
the SUV hit the gallon of milk I had in my hand causing it to hit my right leg and twist it to the
point that the milk jugs handle split and cut my right hand, I felt a huge surge of pain and tearing
in my right shoulder joint and right bicep and I felt tearing in my right wrist, the pain was instant
and I began seeing stars, the impact though it wasn't in my opinion very fast still caused me to
lose my balance and the white SUV's rear right tire ran over the side of my right foot and it was
at this moment that the driver chose to stop trapping my right shoe under the edge of the tire (I
didn't know it at the time, but her tire only ran over my shoe and not my flesh and bone foot). So
in a panic yelled move your car you're on my foot and I swung my right elbow at the rear
passenger side of the SUV hoping to get the drivers attention, the milk jug I was holdings
remaining contents went everywhere and the jug went flying and I was yanking as hard as I
could to get my leg free and then I yelled move your car again and swung my elbow at the side
of the vehicle again and while I was swinging I was able to yank my foot free, but I stumbled
and my elbow hit the bottom right comer of the rear windshield instead causing it to shatter
(which shouldn't have happened, it was either the luckiest shot in the world or there was already
a defect in the window) , at that point I could see through the now broken window and there was
a cell phone in the drivers right hand and I yelled- get off your cell phone, you just hit me with
your mirror and stopped your car on my foot ,watch where you're driving. the driver said
something either to me or to the person on the phone, but I don't recall what they said because I
was so freaked out. the driver then began to drive away, so I turned to walk to my car (I was in
so much pain that I wasn't in any condition to chase the vehicle down and a moment later I heard
yelling behind me, I then turned around to see that the driver had decided to stop and I then
yelled call the police and we'll deal with this when they get here and I started walking towards
my car because I didn't have my cell phone on me to call police and I knew there was no point in
arguing with this person about it and seeing that her window was broken in my attempt to free
my foot from under her tire, I didn't want to approach her and make her feel that I was in anyway
placing her in danger or that I was trying to intimidate her. The driver yelled some more and I
yelled back call the police and then we'll talk. I then placed my remaining groceries into my car
and grabbed a fishing vest I had in my trunk to help stop the bleeding on my right hand. The pain
in my wrist and shoulder was building every moment and I could feel swelling in my right bicep
where the mirror hit me as I stood around waiting for officers to show up. while waiting I was
approached by a few customers and Walmart security all asking if I was okay. I explained to
them that I had been hit by the white SUV that was now parked in the isle towards the store and
that I was in severe pain and I felt dizzy. I explained to the security guard that I had a previous
injury to my right wrist and had surgery on my right shoulder, but up until the moment I was hit,
I had been totally pain free in these areas because of therapy with my wrist and a successful
surgery to correct the issue with my right shoulder. I asked the security guard to tell the police
this too. I didn't want anyone thinking I was trying to fake an injury or that I was trying to claim
to have been in 100% perfect condition before this incident happened. After what felt like
forever the police arrived and arrested me.
Prepared by, Richard Stebbins





EХHIBIT "B"



It was a cold winter day and it was snowy on Jan 16, 2013. I Sheldon Thompson Witnessed a accident at the Walmart parking lot. I observed Mr Stebbins walking the parking lot heading to the main road. I was on other side the vehicles. I then noticed a white SUV driving through the parking lot. The SUV was driving fast thru Iland. ( not sure what that means. lol)
As I walk by the SUV it tried to pull around and then drove forward. At this time I heard Mr Stebbins yell at the driver of the vehicle. I kept walking to my vehicle Then I heard a loud bang and heard Mister Stebbins screaming out loud "You stop the car on my foot" as I looked to Mr Stebbins he had fell forward and was trying to get up from the ground. The driver of the SUV then exited out of her vehicle And started "yell I don't give Oh fuck. You're going to pay for mother fucking window." Mr Stebbins yelled back get off your cell. You just hit me. I then walk to Mr Stebbins to see if needed to go to the emergency room. Mr Stebbins stated once the police come he information. I then gave Mr Stebbins
my cell phone number if he needed a witness. I then left the scene. Sheldon Thompson