4 Commonwealth V Richard Stebbins - Vol 4 of 6 - May 1 2013.Completed

1
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Volume: IV of VI
Pages: 58
Exhibits: 0
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS
HAMPDEN, SS DISTRICT COURT DEPARTMENT
OF THE TRIAL COURT

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
 *
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS *
 * Docket No.
VS. * 1323CR0284
 *
RICHARD L. STEBBINS, JR *
 *
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
TRIAL
BEFORE THE HONORABLE WILLIAM P. HADLEY
APPEARANCE:
FOR THE COMMONWEALTH:
Hampden County District Attorney’s Office
50 State Street
Springfield, MA 01103
By: Katharine A. Johnston, ADA
FOR THE DEFENDANT STEBBINS:
Pro Se
Springfield, Massachusetts
Courtroom Number 1
May 1, 2013
Reporter: Raymond F. Catuogno, Sr.
Registered Professional Reporter
Recorder: Unknown Court Recording Monitor
2
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
I N D E X
WITNESS DIRECT CROSS REDIRECT RECROSS
KISHANA JOHNSON
(By Ms. Johnston) 10
(By Mr. Stebbins) 26
THOMAS SHEEHAN
(By Ms. Johnston) 31 38
(By Mr. Stebbins) 37
RICHARD STEBBINS
(By Ms. Johnston) 42
EXHIBITS PAGE
(NONE MARKED)
CLOSING ARGUMENT:
For the Defendant Stebbins 45
For The Commonwealth 46
VERDICT 50
3
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
(Court called to order.)
(Claimant present.)
(10:14 a.m.)
THE COURT OFFICER: If we could address Richard Stebbins.
THE COURT: Mr. Stebbins, have you made up your mind as to
how you want to proceed?
MR. STEBBINS: I waive the jury, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right. Commonwealth, your witnesses are
available, are here, ready to go?
THE COMMONWEALTH: Yes, Your Honor. We have one police
officer and one civilian witness, who’s the victim.
THE COURT: All right. Before we go on tape, let me ask
Mr. Stebbins, I need to go over this with you. I looked earlier:
I showed you that form – that jury waiver form that you signed.
And that indicates, first of all, that you’re going to waive your
right to an attorney.
THE CLERK: Your Honor, if I could swear him in, I didn’t
do that.
THE COURT: Okay.
THE CLERK: Please raise your right-hand, sir.
MR. STEBBINS: I do.
THE CLERK: Thank you, sir.
THE COURT: Now, you signed a waiver of counsel form, first
of all. And you understood that you have the right to be
represented by an attorney and if you could not afford one, the
4
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Court could appoint one or you could hire one and you chose to
represent yourself, correct?
MR. STEBBINS: Yes, sir.
THE COURT: And I just want to make sure you understand that.
As you probably know, a lawyer is someone with some special
training and experience, who can usually give advice and guidance
to someone facing criminal charge like this. You have an
absolute, constitutional right to represent yourself, but when
you do that, you run certain risks. The outcome may not be
exactly what you expected. You may overlook some defense. You
may overlook some future consequence of what happens here today.
First of all – so, how old are you?
MR. STEBBINS: Thirty—four.
THE COURT: How far did you go in school?
MR. STEBBINS: College, second year of college.
THE COURT: And today, are you under the influence of alcohol,
drugs or medicine?
MR. STEBBINS: No.
THE COURT: Do you suffer from any sort of illness that might be
impairing your judgment and thinking?
MR. STEBBINS: No.
THE COURT: So, with regard to an attorney, you understand
that that’s the way you want to proceed, you won’t be able to
change your mind later on. Do you still want to waive your right
to an attorney and represent yourself?
5
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
MR. STEBBINS: Yes.
THE COURT: All right. Now, with regard to the waiver of
the jury trial -- do we have a waiver for a jury trial form?
MR. STEBBINS: Yes. It’s right here.
THE COURT: Can you take a look at that, because I need to have
that in writing as well.
MS. JOHNSTON: Yes, Judge.
THE COURT: All right. So this form indicates that you’ve
chosen to be tried by a Judge, without a jury. Did you read this
before you sign it?
MR. STEBBINS: Yes, sir.
THE COURT: Did you understand what it says?
MR. STEBBINS: Yes, sir.
THE COURT: All right. You have a right to have one trial
on these two charges, which have been brought against you. That
trial could – again – be in front of a Judge or a jury. If you
wanted to have a jury trial, we’d bring in people from the
community, they wouldn’t really know about you or about this
matter ahead of time. You could work to pick six of those
people. You could challenge any two of those people, without
giving any reason, to try to assure that they are fair and
impartial.
If you chose to have a trial in front of a jury, the jurors
would listen to the witnesses, look at any evidence, listen to
the Judge instruct them on the law. Then they would return a
6
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
unanimous verdict of guilty or not guilty on each of these
charges. So, all six jurors would have to agree that you are
guilty, before you could be found guilty.
When you waive or you give up your right to a jury trial and you
allow a Judge to decide, both the facts and the law and whether
you are guilty. It really is a practical matter that one persons
decision as to the facts would be final. So, having said that,
do you understand the difference between a trial in front of a
Judge and a trial in front of a jury?
MR. STEBBINS: Yes, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right. Do you have any questions about
that issue?
MR. STEBBINS: No, Your Honor.
THE COURT: Is it still your wish – after I’ve explained
that to you – to waive your right to a jury trial on the charges
of malicious damage to a motor vehicle and disorderly conduct and
instead, have that trial in front of a single Judge?
MR. STEBBINS: Yes, Your Honor.
THE COURT: And you understand that, once you’ve made that
decision, you won’t be able to change your mid later on?
MR. STEBBINS: Yes, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right. So you made a voluntary, knowing,
intelligent waiver of your right to counsel and your right to a
jury trial and I’ll allow that.
The way this is going to proceed is, I’ll just – I can’t give
7
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
you, obviously, any legal advice, but I would just say of ways to
proceed, the Commonwealth obviously has the burden of proof,
proving guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. The Commonwealth can,
if the prosecutor wishes to, make a statement of what she expects
the evidence is going to be. If you want to, you can make an
opening statement. You don’t have to, because the burden of
proof is on the Commonwealth. You can make an opening statement
at the beginning of the trial or you can make it later in the
trial or you can make no opening statement. That’s, again, up to
you.
After the opening statement or statements – if there are any
– then the Commonwealth’s going to produce – present evidence.
He will listen to the evidence. If you wish to object, because
you feel something is not admissible under our rules of evidence,
you would just stand up and say the word “objection”. I’ll hear
from you. Then I’m going to give you the right to cross—examine
any witness who testifies against you.
Then the Commonwealth, when it’s done presenting the evidence,
the prosecutor will rest and it’ll be up to you to decide whether
you wish to present any evidence. You’re not obligated to do
that.
Again, the law doesn’t require a person to prove his or her
innocence. The burden is on the Commonwealth to prove that
someone is guilty and prove it beyond a reasonable doubt.
If you wish to present evidence and you’ll testify or produce
8
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
whatever evidence you wish and the prosecutor will have a right
to cross—examine you. All I ask is that both parties just sort
of stay on point, be respectful, civil. The rules of evidence,
the rules of procedure, apply to both sides evenly, even though
you’re representing yourself, you’re still bound by the same
rules – your conduct of evidence in the law and the Commonwealth.
Do you have any questions about any of that?
MR. STEBBINS: No, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right. Are we ready to proceed?
MS. JOHNSTON: Your Honor, I haven’t had a chance to
discuss this with the defendant, but I would assume – since he
wants the video to be shown – that we could stipulate that the
video would be shown in full?
THE COURT: Yes.
MS. JOHNSTON: Okay. And –
MR. STEBBINS: There are two parts of the video.
MS. JOHNSTON: There are two parts to the video: I’ll
intend to show both of them. I will do that in my case in chief.
And in addition, there are a number of photographs, which I
mentioned. It’s my understanding the defendant also wants those
introduced into evidence. So, if we could stipulate to all those
exhibits, that would move things along – I think.
THE COURT: All right. Is that a stipulation that you want
to make?
MR. STEBBINS: Yes, Your Honor.
9
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
THE COURT: So those will go in as the Commonwealth’s
exhibits. We’ll have them marked and they’ll be in evidence by
agreement. Now, anything that you object to, again, we have a
basis in the rules of evidence for that, you just let me know.
(Indiscernible – individuals speaking simultaneously and speaking
away from the microphone at 10:22:00.)
THE COURT: I just sent our Clerk out, because I came in
without my trial notebook. I sent her to get it, but I’m going
to grab it. I’m going to step off the Bench for just one moment.
MR. STEBBINS: Okay.
(Judge stepped away from Bench at 10:22:53)
(Hearing resumes at 10:26 a.m.)
THE COURT OFFICER: Court is back in session, you may be
seated.
THE CLERK: Your Honor, I know we’re starting this trial,
but Attorney Nolan just came in, regarding a Mitchell – the
Mitchell case?
MR. NOLAN: I apologize – Morgan.
THE CLERK: The Morgan case.
THE COURT: All right, I’ll hear from you.
(Judge listening to Attorney Nolan from 10:26:48 through
10:32:48.)
THE CLERK: And we can readjust the matter of the
Commonwealth versus Richard Stebbins, Jr., docket 201323CR284,
Bench trial.
10
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
THE COURT: All right. Both parties ready to proceed?
MS. JOHNSTON: Yes, Your Honor. I provided the Court, as
well as the defendant, with the Commonwealth’s witness list. The
Commonwealth would first call the victim in this matter, Ms.
Kishana Johnson.
THE COURT: Let me ask before we get there – do either side
wish to make an opening statement?
MR. STEBBINS: No, Your Honor.
THE COURT: Do you wish to waive it?
MS. JOHNSTON: Your Honor, at this point, I don’t think
it’s necessary. It’s pretty simple testimony. I think I’ll just
let my witnesses speak for themselves.
THE COURT: All right, go ahead. Come on up.
THE CLERK: Please raise your right-hand.
KISHANA JOHNSON, Sworn
MS. JOHNSON: Yes.
THE CLERK: Thank you, you may be seated.
THE COURT: (Indiscernible – speaking away from microphone
about another matter at 10:35:02 through 10:34:41.) Go right
ahead. The witness has been sworn, correct?
THE CLERK: Yes, Your Honor.
KISHANA JOHNSON, Previously Sworn
DIRECT EXAMINATION
BY MS. JOHNSTON:
Q Good morning. Could you please state your name and spell
11
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
your last name for the record?
A Kishana Johnson, J—O—H—N—S—O—N.
Q Thank you, Ms. Johnson. Where do you live, Ms. Johnson?
A 6 Fuller Street, Chicopee, Mass.
Q And how long have you lived in the area?
A In Chicopee – um, off and on for three years.
Q And are you familiar with the Wal-Mart on Boston Road in
Springfield?
A I’m very familiar.
Q And on the date of January 16
th, 2013, did you have an
occasion to be at that Wal-Mart in Springfield?
A Mm-hmm. I go to that Wal-Mart frequently.
Q Okay. And on that day, what were you doing that day?
A I was going – I was running to Wal-Mart real quick to grab,
um, an item.
Q Okay. And do you work?
A Yes, for the mental health association – at the time, I
worked at the mental health associating.
Q And you weren’t working that day?
A I was expected to go to work that day.
Q Later that day?
A Mm-hmm.
Q Okay. About what time were you headed to that Wal-Mart?
A Um, it was around – between 1:00 and 2:00. I don’t remember
the exact time, but I know it was the early afternoon.
12
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q And what kind of a day was it that day, if you remember?
A Um, it was a snow day, so school was canceled.
Q Okay.
A It was, um, sleet and rain.
Q And upon your arrival, what did you do?
A Um, I pulled in as I usually do. I went to the aisle that I
usually park in. And, as I proceeded to stop to wait for another
car to come out --
Q Okay. So you were coming down a row of traffic?
A Mm-hmm.
Q A row of parked cars on either side?
A Parked cars and people walking.
Q Okay. And was there cars going in both directions in that
row of traffic?
A Mm-hmm. And people walking in both directions.
Q Okay. So there were pedestrians around?
A Mm-hmm.
Q And you were aware of all this going on around you?
A Yes.
Q Okay. So you said you stopped, is that right?
A Yes.
Q Okay. Why did you stop?
A I was waiting for the car that was backing out to move. I
was gonna take his spot.
Q Okay. And, while you were stopped or as you were stopping,
13
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
did anything happen that drew your attention?
A Um, Mr. Stebbins began to hit my window.
Q Okay. So, if you can, where – and maybe -- I don’t want to
erase the board, Your Honor, but I would like to have her draw a
little diagram for me.
THE COURT: Well, I’m not sure if that – well, actually, it
can flip over. I’m not sure what’s on the to her side.
THE WITNESS: And what do you want me to draw?
MS. JOHNSTON: Your Honor, if I may have her stand to draw
the diagram?
THE COURT: All right.
BY MS. JOHNSTON:
Q Okay. It doesn’t have to be to scale, but sort of to the
best of your ability, if you could draw the row of parked cars,
which side your car was on and where this other car was. Just so
we get an orientation as to what was going on.
A This is the row that I’m coming out of.
Q Okay.
A These are all the cars.
Q Okay.
A My car was approximately right here.
Q Okay, why don’t you mark that A. So your car is A.
A Mm-hmm.
Q Okay.
A This is car B, coming out of the --
14
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q Okay. And what is that car doing?
A It’s backing out.
Q Okay. And so –
A Well, it’s – it’s not backing out directly in front of my
car, but maybe, um, a little, it’s a little up. So this is the
car B, backing out –
THE COURT: I think there is an eraser there, Ms. Johnson.
THE WITNESS: Okay.
BY MS. JOHNSTON:
Q So, car B is backing out of its spot?
A Mm-hmm.
Q And what are you – what is your plan, in regards to car B?
A My blinker is on.
Q Okay.
A And I’m just waiting for him to back up, so I can pull in.
Q Okay. And at that time, you said Mr. Stebbins hits your
car. Where is Mr. Stebbins?
A He’s walking along this way, on this side.
Q Okay. And why don’t you put C – so that’s where he’s
walking. Okay. And where does he make contact with your car?
A The first time, he hits my mirror. Like, he punches it in.
And it – the mirror closes in.
Q Okay.
A Then he hits my, um, passenger side window.
Q Okay.
15
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
A And my, um, passenger side door.
Q Okay.
A And he, um, the last time he banged, um, a jug of milk
against it.
Q Okay.
A The milk busted. And when he proceeded to go to the back,
he turned around and punched the back of the window.
Q Okay. All right, you can have a seat. Okay. Were you
alone in the car?
A Yes.
Q Okay. At what time did you notice – you said you’re waiting
to pull in, you have your blinker on – what time do you take
notice of Mr. Stebbins?
A As soon as he hit the car. I didn’t notice him until he hit
the car.
Q Okay. And you said he first struck the mirror. Did you
see, was it with his arm or his fist or?
A Um, I don't know if it was with his arm or fist, but I could
see, you know, his hand going. But, like I said, I was stopped,
so the snow and the rain was coming down on my windows.
Q Okay.
A So, I don't know if he hit it with his arm or his hand at
that time.
Q Okay.
A The first hit.
16
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q And what happened as a result of that first hit to your car?
A I was shocked. So, I didn’t know what was going on. I
thought maybe it was an altercation with someone going on outside
of the car. I really didn’t know what was going on, until maybe
when he busted the jug of milk on – on to my car. And so now I’m
paying attention to him, because he’s hitting my car. And at the
same time, he’s yelling things. And, um, he proceeds to go to
the back and he busts the window out completely.
Q Okay. So, he first strikes the side window with either his
arm or his fist and then you take notice of him?
A Mm-hmm.
Q At this point, you said there was a jug of milk?
A Yes.
Q Okay. And what did he do with that jug of milk?
A He smashes it against my car.
Q Okay. And where is that on the car?
A On the same side that he’s on, on the passenger side door.
Q On the passenger side. And at this point, you said he’s
saying things – is he saying things to you?
A Yes.
Q Okay. What types of things is he saying?
A He’s yelling, “Black bitch, black bitch”. Just black bitch.
I was – I was still confused. I had no idea what was going on.
Q Okay. And is your window up or down at this time?
A They’re up.
17
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q Okay. But you can hear him?
A Mm-hmm.
Q Okay. And then you said he walks to the rear of your car?
A Mm-hmm.
Q And at this point, explain exactly what happened now. How
are you – are you turned around, are you looking at --
A Now I’m turned around, my car is in park and I’m trying to
watch him to see where he’s going.
Q Okay.
A And he punches the back window completely out.
Q Okay. And do you see Mr. Stebbins in the courtroom today?
A Yes.
Q Okay. And where is he sitting?
A Right there.
Q Okay. To –
A Oh, to the – to the right of you.
Q Of me, okay.
A My left.
Q Okay. And what is he wearing?
A A black shirt.
MS. JOHNSTON: Your Honor, if the record could reflect that
this witness has identified the defendant in the courtroom?
THE COURT: All right, the record will reflect that
identification was made.
BY MS. JOHNSTON:
18
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q Now, Ms. Johnson, had you ever met the defendant before?
A Never.
Q Okay. You never had any interactions with him prior to this
day?
A Never.
Q Okay.
MS. JOHNSTON: Your Honor, may I approach?
THE COURT: Yes, you may.
BY MS. JOHNSTON:
Q I’m placing a number of photographs in front of you. And as
we’re talking about them, we’ll just refer to them – they’ve been
marked Exhibit 2, Exhibit 3 through Exhibit 7. Okay? So, let’s
start with Exhibit 2. What is that a photograph of?
A My car.
Q Okay. And is that the way it appeared on that day?
A Yes. That’s, um, the police had me pull it into a spot. So
now the cars parked in a spot. This is after the incident.
Q After the incident.
A Mm-hmm.
Q Okay. Now we’re going to look at the Commonwealth’s Exhibit
3. What is that picture showing?
A That’s my mirror. And that happened, um, about two months
after I got my car. I’ve had my car for a year—and—a—half now.
Q Okay. And so that mark there, was that mark there prior to
the incident?
19
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
A Mm-hmm. Yes.
Q Okay. But as a result of the incident, you said your mirror
flipped in, him hitting it?
A Yeah, just flipped in, like, you know, you can push your
mirrors in. They didn’t break or anything, it just flipped in.
Q Okay. This is the Commonwealth’s Exhibit 6. What does that
– what is that?
A That is the jug of milk and the milk, outside of the jug.
Q Okay.
A And, um, that’s his shirt he grabbed to wrap his hand up.
Q Okay. And when did that happen?
A Um, after he busted out the window, he proceeded to walk to
his car. And I was on the phone with the police. And I was
trying to get his license plate number, ‘cause I thought he was
going to leave. And, um, he told me that he would, um, he would
smash my skull if I didn’t get away from him. So I proceeded to
walk back and he started walking back towards that way, too. And
he dropped that.
Q Okay. And you said that was – you saw him with that jacket
and he --
A Yeah, he went to his car to get it.
Q Okay. And what had he done with that jacket?
A He wrapped it around his hand.
Q Okay. And did you see his hand?
A It was bleeding.
20
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q Okay. And that was after he punched in your --
A Punched my window.
Q Okay. All right, this is the Commonwealth’s Exhibit 7. And
can you tell us what that is?
A Um, that’s the back of my car and the window busted out.
Q Okay. And what kind of a car do you have?
A An Acura MDX.
Q Okay. And you said you’d gotten it recently?
A Prior – a year prior to that.
Q And that damage that’s shown there, that was not – that was
not like that, prior to that day?
A No.
Q Okay. So that damage that we see there is the result of
what happened that day?
A Yes.
Q Okay. Now, you said you called the police, is that correct?
A Yes.
Q Okay. And at what point did you call the police?
A When he punched the back window out.
Q And what was your state – emotional state at the time that
this was going on?
A I was scared and shocked and, to be honest, like, I’m really
not a scared person and he had me really scared.
Q And was it – what was it that made you scared that day?
A Once he said that he would crack my skull.
21
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q And when did he say that?
A When I was on the phone with the dispatcher, trying to get
his license plate number.
Q And you said he also made some statements prior to bashing
in the back window, is that right?
A He was calling me a black bitch. So, I didn’t know what he
was thinking or --
Q Okay. Okay.
MS. JOHNSTON: Your Honor, at this time I’d like to play
the video.
THE COURT: All right. Well, if you intend – I’m going to
ask you, Attorney Johnston, do you intend to ask this witness
questions about the video?
MS. JOHNSTON: Yes, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right, go ahead. I’m going to have to step
down. My eyes aren’t what they used to be. Are you able to see
that, Mr. Stebbins?
MR. STEBBINS: Yes, Your Honor.
MS. JOHNSTON: And you can see it from where you are?
THE COURT: Ma’am, you can see it? You can come closer if
you’d like.
MS. JOHNSTON: And it is a – you’ll see, it’s a snowy day,
as she testified to.
THE COURT: What am I supposed to be looking at here?
MS. JOHNSTON: (Indiscernible – speaking away from
22
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
microphone at 10:48:55) area over here. And there’s a second –-
(Video plays from 10:48:30 to 10:55:12.)
THE COURT: Is there something in this video that you want
to draw my attention to?
MS. JOHNSTON: Yes, Your Honor. I know the defendant
wanted to show both clips. That was the first clip. It took
place over here, I could show it again if you want to. The
second one is the better view, the second –-
MR. STEBBINS: I just want to – if you can see this --
THE COURT: Hold on, hold on. You have to back it up,
because I – whatever – if there’s something there that either or
both parties want me to see, I don’t think I can see it from this
distance.
MS. JOHNSTON: So, this is the victim’s car. I believe
it’s --
BY MS. JOHNSTON:
Q Do you see your car in this photo?
A That’s my car right there.
Q And do you see the defendant?
A (Indiscernible – speaking away from microphone at 10:56:02).
Q And the diagram that you drew on the board there, where is
that in this still frame here (indiscernible – speaking away from
microphone at 10:56:15).
A (Indiscernible – speaking away from microphone at 10:56:18.)
Q Okay. And at this point in the video, do you see – you
23
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
marked a car B on the board – do you see that car that was – that
you were waiting for, that cars spot?
A So, like, I waited for the white car. The white car
(indiscernible – speaking away from microphone at 10:56:54).
Q Okay. And I know it’s hard to see here, but at this
point --
A (Indiscernible – speaking away from microphone at 10:57:25.)
Q Okay. So this is the white -- what car is this here?
A This is the car that I let go by.
Q Okay. And your car is where?
A On the side of the white car.
Q Okay. And at this point, where is the defendant? I know
there’s some moisture in the way.
A About right there. There’s other people that’s walking
through, but he’s like on the side of m car, but you can’t see
him.
Q Okay. So, at this point, if you can, just tell us what’s
happening right at this point?
A (Indiscernible – speaking away from microphone at 10:58:27.)
Q And did you see anything in that video there?
A (Indiscernible – speaking away from microphone at 10:58:32.)
Q Okay. And the defendant is where at this point?
A Walking.
Q At this point – unless the defendant has an objection – I
would play the other clip. It’s a little bit clearer. I believe
24
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
it’s the next camera over. Now, at this point, does your car
come into view?
A Mm-hmm.
(Indiscernible – speaking away from microphone at 11:01:50.)
Q Okay. So, you’ve seen that video now. Is that video an
accurate representation of what happened that day?
A Yes.
Q Okay. And I know it wasn’t totally clear, but you – on the
video, you saw the defendant enter the screen, is that correct?
A Yes.
Q Okay. And you mentioned the milk jug that struck the car.
That was – you saw that in the video as well?
A Yes.
Q Okay. And what was the defendant’s demeanor towards you –
what was his emotional --
A Real aggressive.
Q And how did – how did that come across? Was it through
words or actions?
A His words, like telling me he was gonna smash my skull, him
yelling when he was punching the window. You can’t see him
punching the window or yelling, but --
Q And after you stopped the car, did you remain in the car or
what did you do after that?
A I stopped the car. I was in the car for a second – as you
can see. I got out: I got back in my car. I’m on the phone with
25
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
the police. And, um, I only walked that way to see, like, the
dispatcher said, to see if you could, um, see his plate from
there. So, I walked, like, I’m walking on this side, his cars
parked on that side, to try to see. He walks back up towards me.
Q Okay. And what was his demeanor like at the time?
A He was still angry and he had his whatever, the shirt,
wrapped around his hand. He was still angry, he was still
swearing, calling me a black B.
Q And did you see any injuries on his hand?
A Before he wrapped his hand, it was bleeding.
Q And again, you said you were -- at the time that he punched
your window, were you still driving or had you stopped?
A I was stopped from the third time he punched my window. I
was parked.
Q You had put the car in park and left it?
A Mm-hmm. And as you can see in the video, like, I jerk a
little bit, ‘cause I put my car in drive to move away when he
punched the window.
Q And did you have to have your vehicle repaired as a result
of this?
A Yes.
Q Okay. Have you gotten it back yet?
A Yes.
Q Okay. And there was damage done to the vehicle that – as a
result of this offense?
26
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
A Yes.
MS. JOHNSTON: Nothing further, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right, you may cross—examine.
CROSS-EXAMINATION
BY MR. STEBBINS:
Q You just stated that your vehicle is at a stop, when your
car came in contact with my body, but the video clearly shows
that that’s not the case. It actually shows that you
accelerated. Could you be mistaken about this incident?
A No, not at all. And it doesn’t look in the video that I
accelerated, until when I was driving away from you.
Q If we could replay the video --
A We could replay it.
Q -- it’ll show you clearly accelerating towards me. Your
car was in the middle of the aisle. And it shows you veered
towards me. If you saw me, why didn’t you stop?
A I didn’t see you.
Q So, now you’re stating you didn’t see me?
A Until you hit my window.
Q But your car was still moving – in the video, it shows your
vehicle still moving when my body and your vehicle made physical
contact.
A Not until the third time you hit my window – I stopped.
Q Would you like me to replay the video and show you?
A You can play it.
27
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
THE COURT: What’s the -- let me just back you up for a
second, Mr. Stebbins. The question is exactly what?
MR. STEBBINS: She stated that her vehicle was at a stop
when she claimed I attacked her vehicle. The video clearly shows
that her vehicle was accelerating.
THE COURT: Is that your testimony, ma’am?
THE WITNESS: My – my vehicle was at a stop after – after
the third time he hit my vehicle, my car was parked.
THE COURT: After the third time he hit your vehicle,
meaning what? When he was at the rear of the vehicle or some
other place?
THE WITNESS: On the side of – on the side – on the
passenger side. Like, once the milk –
THE COURT: Your question -- just one second -- your
question is when whatever contact was made in the first instance,
was the vehicle stopped or moving – is that your question?
BY MR. STEBBINS:
Q When the first contact was made between your vehicle and my
body, was it moving?
A The first contact – you’re saying that I ran you over and
I’m saying that I didn’t, so you hit my car and I was waiting for
someone to come out. My vehicle wasn’t moving at the time, but I
was getting ready to --
Q So you’re saying your vehicle was stopped?
A It wasn’t in a complete stop.
28
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q Your vehicle was stopping --
A It wasn’t a complete stop.
Q So, you weren’t stopped, but you saw me?
A I didn’t see you, until you hit my window.
Q Your vehicle was still moving, but you didn’t see me and
then contact was made?
MS. JOHNSTON: Objection, Your Honor. If he could ask just
one question at a time and allow her to answer.
THE COURT: That’s sort of a compound question, different
things. Just ask one question at a time. It’ll be sustained.
BY MR. STEBBINS:
Q So, you’re vehicle was moving, correct?
A I was --
Q Before the incident?
A Before the incident, I was getting ready to come to a
complete stop. That’s why, in the video, you really can’t see my
car moving – like you say – as much as your body was moving. And
when – once you hit the mirror, I’m looking, but I’m not still
driving, because I’m looking, but my car is still in drive, which
I told Ms. Johnson.
And then, when you hit my window after the third time, my
car went into park. So, no, I wasn’t driving, but my car was in
drive.
Q So, your car – so your car was not moving --
A No.
29
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q -- when we made contact?
A No. I didn’t hit you.
MR. STEBBINS: Could I play the video again, Your Honor, to
show that the video – the vehicle was moving, while this was
happening – to show her that there’s some discrepancy between her
statement.
THE COURT: This is a cross-examination, so if you have a
question and you want to use the video to ask the question, you
may.
MR. STEBBINS: Thank you, Your Honor.
BY MR. STEBBINS:
Q So, in your opinion, you were slowing down when this
happened?
A Correct. I was already slowing down, because I was letting
another car come out and go by.
Q Your vehicles slowing down --
THE WITNESS: Your Honor, can I stand back up?
THE COURT: Yes, if you need to.
THE WITNESS: (Indiscernible – speaking away from
microphone at 11:09:55.) Now I’m driving, but I’m – I’m
stopping, because I’m gonna turn into this spot next to the car
that came out. You hit my car and that’s when I started driving
again. And this – can you see when I started driving in, you can
tell, like, I had to put the car in drive, I tried to get away.
(Indiscernible – speaking away from microphone at 11:10:26.)
30
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
BY MR. STEBBINS:
Q And you claim to have seen me punch the rear windshield.
Could you display that for the Court – describe it and --
A Okay.
Q Just to show the Court how I did it.
THE COURT: You can go back to your seat.
THE WITNESS: Once you hit the window for about the third
time, after the milk, you went to the back. Now, this time –
now, at that point, I’m watching your every move. You went to my
back window and you punched the whole back window out, with your
complete fist. I seen it.
MR. STEBBINS: Okay. I have no questions, this was
perfect. I have no further questions, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right, you can have a seat. Go ahead,
anything else for this witness?
MS. JOHNSTON: Nothing further for this witness, Your
Honor.
THE COURT: All right, ma’am, you can step down.
(Witness excused.)
THE COURT: Anything else from the Commonwealth?
MS. JOHNSTON: Yes, Your Honor. The Commonwealth would
call Officer Thomas Sheehan.
THOMAS SHEEHAN, Sworn
MR. SHEEHAN: I do.
THE CLERK: Thank you.
31
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
DIRECT EXAMINATION
BY MS. JOHNSTON:
Q Good morning, Officer. Could you please state your name and
spell your last name for the record?
A My name is Thomas Sheehan. The last name is spelled S-H-EE-H-A-N.
Q And how are you employed, Officer?
A I’m a police officer for the City of Springfield.
Q How long have you been employed in that capacity?
A About 28 years.
Q And did you receive special training to become a police
officer?
A Yeah, the police academy.
Q And throughout your 28 years, have you continued to receive
training?
A Yes. In—service training.
Q And on January 16
th, 2013, were you working that day?
A Yes, I was.
Q Okay. And what shift were you working?
A Uh, the 8:00 to 4:00 p.m. shift.
Q And were you in uniform that day or plainclothes?
A Yes, uniform.
Q And were you driving a cruiser?
A Uh, I was a passenger.
Q Okay. But you were in a cruiser?
32
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
A Yes.
Q Okay. And at some point during your shift, were you
dispatched to the Wal-Mart on Boston Road in Springfield?
A Yes, I was.
Q Okay. And what were you dispatched there for?
A It was for a woman who had her, uh, rear windshield smashed
out on a motor vehicle.
Q Okay. And if you remember, approximately what time did this
take place?
A Uh, just about two o’clock in the afternoon.
Q Upon your arrival at the Wal-Mart, did you find the people
involved in this call?
A Yes, I did.
Q Okay. And how were you able to find them?
A Uh, I observed the motor vehicle with the back window
smashed out.
Q And if you remember, what make and color was that car?
A It was an Acura, I think a 2003 Acura, MDX, color, white.
Q And so upon arrival, you could see the damage that had been
done to that car?
A Yes. The back window was completely smashed out.
Q Did you make contact with anyone at the scene?
A Uh, the victim initially, Kishana Johnson.
Q And what was her state of mind at the time?
A She was upset, crying.
33
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q And did you make contact with the defendant at the time?
A Uh, not initially.
Q At some point during the call did you come in contact with
the defendant?
A Yes.
Q Okay. And what was your interaction with him?
A Uh, we placed him under arrest.
Q And what was his demeanor at the time?
A Uh, it appeared that maybe he was under the influence of
something or had some type of mental issue.
Q And why do you say that?
A He had a strange look in his eye.
Q And what other types of actions or behaviors was he
exhibiting?
A That was pretty much it.
Q Okay. Was he happy?
A What’s that?
Q Was he happy?
A Uh, kinda belligerent.
Q And this damage that you observed -- if I could approach,
Your Honor -- I’m showing you the Commonwealth’s Exhibit 2 – do
you recognize that photo?
A That’s a picture of the victim’s car.
Q Okay. And when you arrived it was – was it parked?
A Yes.
34
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q Okay. And this is the Commonwealth’s Exhibit 7. What is
that a photo of?
A Uh, that’s also a picture of the victim’s car. And the –
the back windows smashed out.
Q Okay. And this is the Commonwealth’s Exhibit 5. What is
that a photograph of?
A That’s the glass in the road.
Q Okay.
A Or in the parking lot.
Q Okay. And at the time that you got there, where was the car
– the victim’s car?
A In a parking space.
Q Okay. And where did you observe the glass in the
Commonwealth’s Exhibit 5?
A Uh, it was back in the parking lot, um, where the, uh,
incident took place.
Q Okay. And the Commonwealth’s Exhibit 4, what do you see in
that photograph?
A Uh, that’s a picture of the empty milk jug.
Q Okay. And where was that found?
A Uh, right near where the incident occurred.
Q Okay. And where was that in relation to where the broken
glass was found?
A Uh, the broken glass would’ve been over here, a little more.
Q Okay. And so, off to the side of the vehicle you found – or
35
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
where the vehicle would’ve been, when you found it?
A Yes.
Q Okay. Okay. And did you notice any injuries that the
defendant had sustained?
A He had a cut on the back of his right—hand.
Q And could you describe that cut in a little more detail?
A It was a straight line cut across the back of his hand here.
MS. JOHNSTON: May I approach, Your Honor?
THE COURT: Yes, you may.
MS. JOHNSTON: Your Honor, if I may mark another exhibit
(indiscernible – background noise at 11:17:09) has no objection.
THE COURT: All right. Is there any objection to this?
MR. STEBBINS: No, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right, you can mark that as your next
exhibit.
THE CLERK: Eight?
MS. JOHNSTON: Yes.
THE COURT: Mark it Exhibit 8.
(The Clerk marked the series of photographs as the Commonwealth’s
Exhibit No. 8.)
BY MS. JOHNSTON:
Q Okay. I’m placing the Commonwealth’s Exhibit 8 in front of
you. Do you recognize this series of photographs?
A It’s my understanding that those are his, uh, mug shots and
injury photos.
36
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q Okay. And in this photo here on the bottom right, is that a
fair and accurate representation of the way the defendants hand
appeared that day?
A Yes. That depicts the small cut on the back of his hand.
Q Okay. And you said that the defendant was placed under
arrest, that’s correct?
A Yes.
Q Okay. And was – what happened after he was placed under
arrest?
A He was transported to the police station for booking.
Q And was he searched?
A Yes.
Q Okay. Was there – did you find anything as a result of that
search?
A He had knife – a knife tucked into his waistband. That was
at the time we cuffed him.
Q And again, you said at the time his demeanor, I believe you
said was belligerent?
A Yeah. I don’t recall what he was saying. He was unhappy
that he was getting arrested.
Q Okay.
A He kinda resisted initially, tightened up.
MS. JOHNSTON: Nothing further for this witness, Your
Honor.
THE COURT: All right, you may cross—examine.
37
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
CROSS-EXAMINATION
BY MR. STEBBINS:
Q (Indiscernible - cannot understand) at 11:19:04) you
questioned the victim and then placed me under arrest, did you
ever question my side of the story?
A No.
Q Was there a reason that you didn’t question my side?
A I talked to two witnesses.
Q And then did you see the video?
A Yes.
Q And after you saw the video, you still felt no need to
question me?
A No.
Q And you’d indicated that you’d searched and found a knife on
me.
A Yes.
Q You actually searched and found that?
A Yes.
Q It wasn’t offered to you?
A Uh, I asked you if you had weapons and you said, yes, you
had a knife on you.
Q And you said that I felt like I had tensed up.
A Yes.
Q That wouldn’t be because of the injuries I received because
of this incident, would it be?
38
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
A I have no idea.
Q Did I indicate to you – at any point in time – that I was
injured?
A Uh, in the drive in, yes.
Q Did I receive medical attention for that?
A Yes, you were allowed to, uh, wash your hand.
Q And that’s all I was allowed to do?
A Yes.
Q So, I wasn’t allowed to see a doctor?
A That was the only complaint is that you had a injury to your
hand.
MR. STEBBINS: No further questions, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right. Any redirect?
MS. JOHNSTON: Just briefly, Your Honor.
REDIRECT EXAMINATION
BY MS. JOHNSTON:
Q You indicated there were other witnesses at the scene?
A Yes. Dashana Brown (phonetic).
Q And you said your reason for arresting the defendant was
that they confirmed the account that the victim gave you?
A Yes. Yes.
Q Okay.
MS. JOHNSTON: Nothing further, Your Honor.
THE COURT: Anything else for this witness?
MR. STEBBINS: No, Your Honor.
39
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
THE COURT: All right, you can step down, sir.
THE WITNESS: Thank you.
(Witness excused.)
MS. JOHNSTON: The Commonwealth rests, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right. Mr. Stebbins, the Commonwealth has
presented its evidence. Do you wish to present any evidence in
this case?
MR. STEBBINS: I have my statement from that day – I could
read it.
THE COURT: Well, you can testify.
MR. STEBBINS: I’ll testify.
THE COURT: If you wish.
MR. STEBBINS: Yes.
THE COURT: And you’ll be cross—examined by the
Commonwealth.
MR. STEBBINS: Yes.
THE COURT: And as I said at the beginning, it’s the
Commonwealth’s duty to – burden – to prove you’re guilty. You’re
not obligated to testify or provide evidence but you can
obviously if you wish to.
MR. STEBBINS: Yes, Your Honor, I’d like to.
THE COURT: You do wish to testify – all right. You can
come up here and take the witness stand.
RICHARD STEBBINS, JR., Sworn
MR. STEBBINS: I do.
40
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
THE CLERK: Thank you.
THE COURT: Go right ahead.
MR. STEBBINS: On Wednesday, January 16
th at approximately
2:03 --
MS. JOHNSTON: Objection, Your Honor.
THE COURT: Yes. Sir, you just have to testify. You’re
really not allowed to read from --
MR. STEBBINS: Just to read it – all right.
THE COURT: This is a statement you made in the past.
MR. STEBBINS: All right, that’s fine. No, this is
something I just wrote myself. This is what happened. I can –
well, I’ll do video.
I was walking out of Wal-Mart. It was obviously a – a terrible
day. There’s rain and sleet and the grounds were icy. I was
walking, looking down. When I approached the aisle that the
alleged victim was driving towards, I looked up, I saw the
vehicle backing out. I moved towards the left side of the lane,
because that’s where my car was parked. And I saw her in the
middle of the aisle.
So, I looked back down, with no concern to think I was gonna
get hit by a car. I kept walking, looking down, because – as
your photos indicate – there’s trash and ice on the ground, in
the area where I was struck. Out of nowhere, I was struck by the
vehicle. The vehicle didn’t stop. I started to slip and the
right – the right rear tire of the vehicle stopped on my right
41
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
foot.
I ran screaming. I swung the milk jug at the car – “Move
your car, you’re on my foot”, screaming. The milk jug had went
flying. And as I was able to pull my foot free, I’d slipped on
the ice. And when I fell, I cracked the window with my elbow and
it had broken. When I looked through the window, the driver was
on her cell phone talking. I didn’t believe the driver at any
point had saw me. At this point, I didn’t know.
And then when she got her – out of the vehicle, I backed
away. I’m like, “I’m not fighting. Call the police”. ‘Cause I
didn’t mean to break the window, but she was on my foot. And I
would – I thought I’d gotten hurt. I mean, the vehicle struck me
as I walking by and then stopped on my foot. And then, before
I’d started walking, she was in the middle of the aisle. So, at
some point, she drove towards me – as the video showed – she
drove at me. I wasn’t walking towards her vehicle. She drove
towards me.
I don't know where this malicious intent came from? I never
saw the vehicle strike me.
MS. JOHNSTON: Objection, Your Honor.
THE COURT: Overruled.
MR. STEBBINS: I never saw the vehicle strike me.
THE COURT: Overruled.
MR. STEBBINS: It just hit me and then she kept driving and
then stopped on my foot. And then, in my attempt to free my
42
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
foot, I accidentally shattered her windshield, with my elbow. At
no point did I ever punch the window. And the – I believe the
video shows I didn’t swing my fists like that. Even as I was
walking away, it shows me moving my arm, because I had hit it
with my elbow. There was no swelling or indication on my
knuckles that I’d punched anything, because I didn’t.
I believe I’m done. I don’t have anything else.
THE COURT: All right. You may cross—examine.
MS. JOHNSTON: Thank you.
CROSS-EXAMINATION
BY MS. JOHNSTON:
Q So, Mr. Stebbins, it’s your testimony that you accidentally
broke this rear windshield?
A Yes.
Q Okay. And that at the time you did that, you were somehow
trapped under the car?
A The pictures of the car show that the wheel base of it –
that the rear wheel is close to the rear of the – the vehicle.
My foot was underneath. The side of my right foot, my sneaker
had been caught, underneath the tire.
Q And it’s your testimony that you did not yell anything at
this driver, while she was --
Q I yelled, “Move your car, you’re on my foot”. And I was
screaming at her. There was no misunderstanding when I was
screaming.
43
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Q And you – it’s your testimony that you did not make any
racial comments to her?
A Up until this point, I had no idea what color or even sex
the driver was – I had no idea.
Q But you were right at the side there – you said you could
see her on her cell phone?
A The person was on a cell phone.
Q But you couldn’t see --
A I didn’t have time to identify the person.
Q But –
A The person – I saw a phone in their hand, I’m like, this
person just hit me and they’re on their cell phone. I was in
shock, ‘cause I thought I was just kinda hurt. Like, I – they
ran over my foot.
Q Okay.
A It hit me – the mirror hit my bicep, causing nerve damage,
which I have proof of. And then ran over my foot.
MS. JOHNSTON: Your Honor, I’d move to strike his testimony
about the proof that he has as to any damage that was sustained.
THE COURT: All right. Well, that would be unresponsive to
the question among other things, so the comment about I have
nerve damage, there is no evidence of that, it’s not responsive
to the question that was asked.
THE WITNESS: Okay.
THE COURT: So that’ll be stricken.
44
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
BY MS. JOHNSTON:
Q So, you saw a cell phone in hand, yes?
A Yes.
Q Okay, but it’s your testimony that, despite seeing that, you
didn’t know the race of this person?
A I made no attempt to approach or identify the person. I
backed away, because – since the window shattered, I didn’t wanna
intimidate a witness –--
Q Just a yes or no is fine. So you didn’t see the race or the
--
A No.
Q -- ethnicity of this person?
A The headrest was blocking the head.
Q You saw the hand?
A Yes.
Q Okay.
MS. JOHNSTON: Nothing further, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right. Anything else?
MR. STEBBINS: No, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right, you can step down.
(Witness excused.)
THE COURT: And you have no other witnesses or other
evidence you wish to introduce?
MR. STEBBINS: (No audible reply.)
THE COURT: All right, so the defendant rests at this
45
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
point?
MR. STEBBINS: Hmm?
THE COURT: You’re resting at this point?
MR. STEBBINS: Yes, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right. If you wish to make a closing
argument, you can do that and then I’ll hear from the
Commonwealth. You just need to stand up for this part.
CLOSING ARGUMENT FOR THE DEFENDANT STEBBINS
MR. STEBBINS: The video – the video speaks for itself.
And the video shows the victim – alleged victim – driving through
the parking lot. She’s in the middle of the aisle. She swerves
towards me, the defendant, in an attempt to – I don't know, try
to get by them faster, hits me. She stopped on my foot. In my
attempt to free myself, hollering, “Move your vehicle, you’re on
my foot”, the milk jug did break on the side of her car and went
flying.
And then as I was able to pull my foot free, I stumbled and
smashed her rear windshield. Not intentionally. I backed way
from her, swinging my arm, ‘cause my arm had hurt from the
initial impact from the mirror. And then I – I yelled at her,
I’m like, “Call the police, I’m not fighting with you”. I made
no attempt whatsoever to intimidate the witness. The video
clearly shows me backing away from her. And then I walked to my
vehicle and placed my remaining groceries in the car. And then I
grabbed a fishing vest that I had to stop the bleeding of my
46
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
hand. Because the initial impact of the vehicle had caused the
milk jug to break in my hand and that’s what cut me.
And I received no other injuries from slamming the milk jug
against the side of the car, my elbow hitting the rear
windshield, in my attempt to free myself. That’s all.
THE COURT: All right. Thank you. Attorney Johnson.
MS. JOHNSTON: Thank you, Your Honor.
CLOSING ARGUMENT FOR THE COMMONWEALTH
MS. JOHNSTON: Your Honor, you heard testimony from both,
the victim in this case, Ms. Kishana Johnson, as well as an
officer of the Springfield Police Department who has been a
member of that department for over 28 years. You heard testimony
from the witness, Your Honor, that as she came to a stop, she
noticed the defendant as he hit her side mirror. That he then
continued down the side of her car, slamming his fists and the
milk jug, which then flew. At this time, Your Honor, she said
she put the car in park. That she turned around to now take
attention to this defendant who, at the time by her testimony,
was making racial slurs at her. That he had noticed her race and
ethnicity at this time and that he was making statements to her
to – that were hostile towards her.
At this time, Your Honor, she watched this defendant take
his arm and slam it through the rear of her vehicle, causing the
damages that you have seen to her rear window. That the glass
was shattered around the parking lot and the photos of the
47
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
defendant’s injuries as a result.
You heard from this victim. She testified that she was scared.
She was upset by this. That the defendant was very angry,
aggressive and assaultive towards her. And that after getting
out of her car, she parked, there were other people around. And
she remained away from this defendant, because she was fearful
after this incident had taken place.
You also heard, Your Honor, from Officer Sheehan. Upon his
arrival at the scene, he testified that he wasn’t sure what was
going on with the defendant. He thought he might be either,
under the influence or have some sort of mental issue, as he was
acting odd. And that his characterization of the defendant at
the scene was that he was belligerent.
His view of the evidence is consistent with the testimony of the
witness in this case, the damages that you saw, the injuries that
he sustained. The officer testified that, upon arrival, this
victim was hysterical, that she was crying and upset. And that
was as a result of this incident that had just taken place with
Mr. Stebbins.
As a result, Your Honor, the defendant was charged malicious
damage to a motor vehicle. As Your Honor knows, that requires
the Commonwealth to prove that this defendant did injure or
destroy a motor vehicle, belonging to another person. And more
importantly, that he did so with malice. I don’t think there’s
any question that it was a motor vehicle, that there was damage
48
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
done, leaving us with the remaining question of whether it was
done with malice.
To show that, Your Honor, the Commonwealth needs to prove
that there was some sort cruelty, hostility or revenge. It does
not need to prove that this defendant knew who this victim was.
So, all that’s left is, was there cruelty, was there hostility,
was there some revenge act going on here? I think there’s
credibility testimony from the witness and corroborating
testimony from Officer Sheehan that this defendant was hostile
and acting in a cruel manner towards this witness through – this
victim, excuse me – throughout their interaction. And that the
Commonwealth has sustained it’s burden in that respect.
As to the disorderly conduct, Your Honor, again, that would
require us to prove that this defendant engaged in some sort of
threatening behavior or some sort of violent or tumultuous
behavior or created some sort of physical – psychically offensive
situation that didn’t serve any legitimate purpose. I think the
Commonwealth could sustain its burden on any three of those
theories of disorderly conduct.
His threatening behavior, his racial remarks that he was
making towards her, you heard the witness say that, after this
happened, he said he would crack her skull. He called her
numerous things throughout that Your Honor heard. In terms of
his violent, tumultuous behavior, I think that same evidence
supports that, in addition to the actual malicious act of
49
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
breaking out her back window.
And finally, I can’t think of any legitimate purpose for his
actions. Your Honor, even if you were to believe the defendant
that he had been struck by the car or something to that effect,
that does not give him a legitimate purpose to then break in her
windshield. In fact, that would further support that this was
done in revenge if Your Honor did view the evidence in that way.
However, Your Honor, I believe the Commonwealth has met its
burden. We would ask you to find the defendant guilty of both,
the charge of malicious damage of a motor vehicle and the
disorderly conduct, based on the testimony of the witnesses.
The video you’ve seen, Your Honor. It is hard to see,
however, I believe it supports the witnesses version of the
events and the evidence before you, Your Honor, I believe also
supports both, the victims account of the story and what the
officer arrived upon seeing – excuse me – saw upon arrival. And
as a result, Your Honor, the Commonwealth would request that you
enter a finding of guilty as to both counts. Thank you.
THE COURT: All right. I’d like to – do you have the
video, Exhibit 1, has that been given to our Clerk?
MS. JOHNSTON: They haven’t been marked.
THE COURT: That was introduced as an exhibit, correct?
MS. JOHNSTON: Yes.
THE CLERK: The Commonwealth’s exhibit.
THE COURT: We’ll mark that and I will take that exhibit,
50
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
as well as the other exhibits and we’ll take a short recess and
I’ll come back.
(Court recessed at 11:34 a.m.)
(Court reconvened at 12:36 p.m.)
THE COURT OFFICER: Court is back in session, please be
seated.
THE CLERK: We’re back on the record, Your Honor, the
Commonwealth versus Richard Stebbins.
THE COURT: All right. Thank you for your patience. I
wanted to review the video again, not great quality, but on a
smaller screen, to see if there was anything that I was missing
or anything there that I hadn’t seen in the courtroom. So, thank
you for waiting. Two computers the court has didn’t work with
that video.
VERDICT
THE COURT: All right. After considering all the evidence,
I find the Commonwealth has met its burden. And I find, Mr.
Stebbins, that you are guilty on counts one and two of this
complaint.
I find that Ms. Johnson – you didn’t set out that day to do
this, but you were walking along and I – it’s clear to me –
perhaps Ms. Johnson wasn’t looking where she should be looking.
And the direction of her vehicle is toward you and that there was
– I credit part of your testimony – there was some contact
between the two. But I also find that there’s really no doubt,
51
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
no reasonable doubt that your response to that was just do
exactly what she indicated, which was to smash her rear window
and that that was done with malice. The Commonwealth has met
that burden of proving that.
And with the count of disorderly conduct, by that conduct,
that amounted to disorderly conduct. I’ll hear from the
Commonwealth with regard to sentencing.
MS. JOHNSTON: Thank you, Your Honor. Your Honor, as to
count one, the Commonwealth – given your finding of guilty – is
requesting a split sentence.
You heard the facts before you, Your Honor. You heard the
testimony from the victim. This was a very scary event for her.
You heard the statements that were made. I believe she stated
that he called her a “Black bitch” several times. And that in
the wake of the events, said that he would “crack her skull”,
Your Honor.
You also heard from the officer that he seemed belligerent
and that he believed there either had to be, maybe a drug problem
or some sort of mental health issue in his interaction with him.
And that he had a knife on his person at the time.
In this regard, Your Honor, given those facts, the Commonwealth
is requesting a one year sentence, six months to be served
directly, while on probation for the second period, Your Honor,
suspended for a year.
We would request that he get some anger management help.
52
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
And additionally, that he have a mental health evaluation. This
conduct is not justified in any way, given the violent nature of
the conduct, given the hostility that he showed towards this
woman, who was just going about her day that afternoon, the
Commonwealth feels that this is an appropriate recommendation.
I understand the defendant has almost no record before the Court.
However, I will note that he does have several restraining
orders, one that looks like it was in effect for four years or at
least a period of time was granted for four years. That in
itself does show that there is some record of some sort of
aggressive nature, in people seeking the courts help in helping
to quell that nature – that aggressive nature towards them.
As a result, Your Honor, that is the Commonwealth’s request
at this time, a six month sentence served directly, a six month
sentence to be suspended for an additional year and that the
defendant does get some anger management as well as a mental
health evaluation.
Additionally, Your Honor, I would state that there will be
restitution owed. At this point, we don’t know what that
restitution is, so we would ask that, in addition, that a
restitution hearing be set, so that the victim can provide that
restitution info. As I understand, it is a mandatory restitution
under the statute.
THE COURT: Why don’t we know that?
MS. JOHNSTON: She doesn’t have an invoice at this point,
53
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
Your Honor. I believe prior to today, she did reach out and try
to make a phone call this morning, to get the value, but I don’t
think at this point we have that number.
THE COURT: All right. Mr. Stebbins, you have a right to
be heard as to what you think I should do, with regard to the
punishment having been found guilty.
MR. STEBBINS: I have no violent history. I work at a
pediatrics office as a medical assistant.
THE COURT: Mm-hmm.
MR. STEBBINS: I’m not a violent person. And I – I didn’t
attack the vehicle. I still don’t have any anger towards the
driver for the accident that happened. I believe at the time it
was an accident, from the statement that I wrote. I believed it
was a complete accident. And the windshield smashing, I didn’t
do it on purpose, but she was on top of my foot.
THE COURT: Mm-hmm.
MR. STEBBINS: And the video doesn’t show the other angle.
The fact that I’m found guilty, I – it boggles my mind. I don’t
-- well, maybe I shouldn’t have rushed this and got a jury. I’m
gonna fight this charge to get it off my record. I can’t have
this on my record working in a – as a medical assistant in a
pediatric with children every, single day.
THE COURT: Well, you do have a right to appeal this
decision --
MR. STEBBINS: I’m going to. I have no other choice.
54
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
THE COURT: -- on the issues of law to a higher court.
That is your right. And you may want to talk to a lawyer about
that – the issue. I can’t – I explained your rights to you.
MR. STEBBINS: I understand.
THE COURT: You wanted to go forward on your own, without a
lawyer, which is absolutely your constitutional right, but you
run certain risks in doing that as well as your choice to have
this before a Judge or a jury. I’ve made my findings.
With regard to -- anything from probation?
PROBATION: Judge, I would just agree with the District
Attorney’s office, regarding the mental health portion and anger
management (indiscernible – speaking away from microphone at
12:42:37.)
THE COURT: Mm-hmm. All right. What I’m going to do here
is this, Mr. Stebbins. I’m going to place you on probation for
one year. I will require that you’ll have to complete the anger
management counseling program. You’ll have no contact with Ms.
Johnson – you stay away from her. Restitution, I’ll give the
Commonwealth ten days to provide any evidence, if they’re seeking
restitution, what would be the cost to repair the window. So,
ten days from today would be --
MS. JOHNSTON: That would be May 10th, Your Honor.
THE COURT: May 10th we’ll make it. So, you’ll have to be
here on May 10th on that issue. And you’ll provide to Mr.
Stebbins, a copy of any invoice that you seek to introduce as the
55
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
cost of repair, because the statute does require restitution.
MS. JOHNSTON: And, Your Honor, I will – I actually am in that
session next week, so we could put it – I’m in Courtroom 4 and
I’m in there that – assigned to that session.
THE COURT: Well, you’ll go wherever I am, I think.
MS. JOHNSTON: Oh, okay. Understood, Your Honor.
THE COURT: It has to go before me, so wherever I am,
that’s – you’ll ask and you’ll be here for that. There are some
– count two will be guilty and I’ll file that charge. That’ll be
filed for 30 days.
THE CLERK: Yes, Your Honor. June 3
rd.
THE COURT: I’m required to impose a $90 victim/witness fee
and a $50 per month probation supervision fee. This document
right here, Mr. Stebbins, lays out all these conditions. You
need to review this with probation and you’ll have to sign it
before you leave.
And again, there are time limits on any appeal. If you wish
to take an appeal to a higher court, if you think there’s been an
error (indiscernible - cannot understand at 12:44:45) you should
probably consult with a lawyer about that and make sure your
rights are – all of your rights are protected.
THE CLERK: Your Honor, how much time for the $90
victim/witness?
THE COURT: We’ll give Mr. Stebbins 30 days to pay that.
Actually, I’ll make it 60 days to pay that.
56
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
 Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Providence, RI
THE CLERK: July 1
st?
THE COURT: To July 1
st. All right.
PROBATION: Judge, did you want the mental health or --
THE COURT: No – anger management. I checked anger
management.
PROBATION: Okay, I’m sorry. I didn’t see that. Thank
you.
THE COURT: All right, thank you.
MS. JOHNSTON: Thank you, Your Honor.
THE COURT OFFICER: All rise.
(Court adjourned at 12:45 p.m.)
57
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Chelmsford, MA Providence, RI
The Commonwealth of Massachusetts
OFFICE OF COURT MANAGEMENT, Transcription Services
AUDIO ASSESSMENT FORM
For court transcribers: Complete this assessment form for each volume of transcript
produced, and include it at the back of every original and copy transcript with the certificate
page, word index, and CD PDF transcript.
TODAY’S DATE: May 7, 2014 TRANSCRIBER NAME: Raymond F. Catuogno, Sr.
CASE NAME: Commonwealth v Richard Stebbins, Jr. DOCKET NUMBER: 1323CR0284
RECORDING DATE: May 1, 2013 TRANSCRIPT VOLUME: 4 OF 6

(circle one) TYPE: CD TAPE QUALITY: EXCELLENT GOOD FAIR POOR
(circle all that apply) ISSUES (include time stamp):
background noise time stamp:
low audio
low audio at sidebar
simultaneous speech 10:22:00
speaking away of microphone 10:35:02/10:48:55/10:56:01/10:56:15
10:56:18/10:56:54/10:57:25/10:58:27
10:58:32/11:01:50/11:09:55/11:10:26
11:17:09/12:42:37/12:44:45
Cannot understand 11:19:04
COMMENTS:
58
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Chelmsford, MA Providence, RI
1 COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS
2 I, RAYMOND F. CATUOGNO, SR., an Approved Court
3 Transcriber, do hereby certify that the foregoing is a
4 true and accurate transcript from the audio recording
5 provided to me by unknown court recording monitor of
6 the Springfield District Court proceedings in the
7 above-entitled matter.
8
9 I, RAYMOND F. CATUOGNO, SR., further certify that
10 the foregoing is in compliance with the Administrative
11 Office of the Trial Court Directive on Transcript
12 Format.
13
14 I, RAYMOND F. CATUOGNO, SR., further certify that I
15 neither am counsel for, related to, nor employed by any
16 of the parties to the action in which this hearing was
17 taken, and further that I am not financially nor
18 otherwise interested in the outcome of the action.
19
20 ____May 6, 2014_________ ____Raymond F. Catuogno, Sr.__
21 Date Raymond F. Catuogno, Sr.
22 One Monarch Place
23 Springfield, MA 01144-000
24 (888) 228-8646
25 CourtReporting@Catuogno.cc
26
59
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Chelmsford, MA Providence, RI
1
0
0 ----------------------------1
000 -------------------------7
01144----------------------7
1
1 -------------------------1, 6
11---------------------------3
12------------------------3, 5
1323CR0284 ----------1, 6
2
2 -------------------------4, 5
2013 --------------------1, 6
2014 --------------------6, 7
22---------------------------3
228 -------------------------7
23---------------------------5
28------------------------4, 5
28th ------------------------5
4
49---------------------------3
5
5 ----------------------------6
50---------------------------3
6
6 -------------------------6, 7
7
7 -------------------------1, 6
8
888 -------------------------7
A
a---------------------- 3, 4, 7
able------------------------ 4
above --------------------- 7
abruptly ------------------ 3
accurate ------------------ 7
action --------------------- 7
Administrative ---------- 7
afford --------------------- 4
after----------------------- 3
all -------------------------- 6
am ------------------------- 7
an ----------------------- 3, 7
And ------------------------ 4
another---------------- 3, 4
any---------------------- 4, 7
APPEARANCE------------ 1
apply ---------------------- 6
appoint ------------------- 4
Approved----------------- 7
are ---------------------- 3, 4
arrested ------------------ 4
ask ---------------------- 3, 4
asking --------------------- 3
assessment -------------- 6
Attorney------------------ 3
audio ---------------- 4, 6, 7
Audio---------------------- 3
away ---------------------- 6
B
back -------------------- 4, 6
background-------------- 6
be -------------------------- 3
BEFORE ------------------- 1
being ------------------- 3, 4
but------------------------- 4
But------------------------- 4
C
called---------------------- 3
CALLED ------------------- 2
can---------------------- 3, 4
Can ------------------------ 4
car ------------------------- 4
Catuogno -----------1, 6, 7
CD -------------------------- 6
cell ------------------------- 4
certificate ---------------- 6
certify --------------------- 7
charged ------------------- 3
charges-------------------- 3
circle----------------------- 6
CLERK----------------3, 4, 5
come ---------------------- 4
COMMENTS-------------- 6
Commonwealth--------- 6
COMMONWEALTH--1, 7
complaint----------------- 3
compliance--------------- 7
conclusion---------------- 4
conduct ------------------- 3
conference--------------- 4
consider------------------- 3
continue ------------------ 4
copy ----------------------- 6
could----------------------- 3
Court --------- 1, 3, 4, 5, 7
COURT ------- 1, 3, 4, 5, 6
CourtReporting@Catuo
gno -------------------- 7
Courtroom --------------- 1
CROSS --------------------- 2
D
D---------------------------- 2
damage ------------------- 3
Date------------------------ 7
DATE----------------------- 6
Defendant---------------- 3
DEFENDANT ------------- 1
DEPARTMENT ----------- 1
DIRECT -------------------- 2
Directive ------------------ 7
disorderly----------------- 3
District -----------------3, 7
DISTRICT ------------------ 1
do --------------------3, 4, 7
Docket -------------------- 1
driving--------------------- 4
E
E-----------------------------2
each------------------------6
either ----------------------3
employed -----------------7
entitled---------------- 3, 7
every-----------------------6
evidence ------------------4
Exhibits--------------------1
EXHIBITS ------------------2
F
F---------------------- 1, 6, 7
February ------------------5
financially-----------------7
first-------------------------3
For--------------------------6
FOR-------------------------1
foregoing -----------------7
form-------------------- 3, 6
Format---------------------7
from------------------------7
further---------------------7
G
G ----------------------------1
going ------------------- 3, 4
H
HAMPDEN----------------1
have------------------------4
He --------------------------3
heard ----------------------3
hearing ---------------- 3, 7
Hearing--------------------3
HEARING------------------1
here ------------------------3
hereby ---------------------7
hire --------------------- 3, 4
Honor----------------------3
HONORABLE -------------1
60
Catuogno Court Reporting & StenTel Transcription
Springfield, MA Worcester, MA Boston, MA Chelmsford, MA Providence, RI
I
I ----------------1, 2, 3, 4, 7
if -------------------------3, 4
If ----------------------------3
in-------------------------3, 7
include---------------------6
index -----------------------6
indicating -----------------3
interested-----------------7
is-------------------------3, 7
it ----------------------------6
itself------------------------4
J
January -----------------1, 6
January 1---------------1, 6
Johnson -------------------3
Jr----------------------------6
jus -----------------------3, 4
just ----------------------3, 4
K
know-----------------------4
L
L-----------------------------1
lawyer ------------------3, 4
let---------------------------4
like-----------------------3, 4
low -------------------------6
M
MA -------------------------7
malicious------------------3
MASSACHUSETTS ----1, 7
matter------------------3, 7
May ---------------------6, 7
me-----------------------4, 7
microphone --------------6
moment-------------------4
Monarch ------------------7
Monitor -------------------1
more -----------------------4
motor----------------------3
Mr --------------------------3
MR-----------------------3, 4
myself ------------------3, 4
N
N --------------------------- 2
NA ------------------------- 6
NAME --------------------- 6
neither-------------------- 7
No-------------------------- 1
noise ---------------------- 6
nor------------------------- 7
not------------------------- 7
Number------------------- 1
NUMBER ----------------- 6
O
OF-------------------- 1, 6, 7
Off ------------------------- 7
Office---------------------- 7
Okay-------------------- 4, 5
on -------------------- 3, 4, 7
one --------------------- 4, 6
One ------------------------ 7
order ---------------------- 3
original-------------------- 6
other ---------------------- 6
otherwise ---------------- 7
outcome------------------ 7
own--------------------- 3, 4
P
pa -------------------------- 6
PAGE ---------------------- 2
Pages---------------------- 1
parties -------------------- 7
PDF ------------------------ 6
person -------------------- 4
phone --------------------- 4
phonetic------------------ 3
present ------------------- 3
presented ---------------- 4
pretrial-------------------- 3
Pro------------------------- 1
proceedings ------------- 7
produced----------------- 6
Professional ------------- 1
provided------------------ 7
R
reach ---------------------- 4
rec ------------------------- 7
recessed ------------------ 5
recognizance ------------ 3
record --------------------- 4
Recorder------------------ 1
Recording ---------------- 1
recordings---------------- 4
RECROSS------------------ 2
REDIRECT----------------- 2
regard --------------------- 4
Registered---------------- 1
related -------------------- 7
released------------------- 3
Reporter------------------ 1
represent--------------3, 4
represented-------------- 3
resolve -----------------3, 4
resumed ------------------ 3
Richard-----------------3, 6
S
S ---------------------------- 6
said------------------------- 4
say ------------------------- 4
schedule ------------------ 4
Se--------------------------- 1
Services------------------- 6
showing------------------- 4
sidebar -------------------- 6
sign------------------------- 3
simultaneous------------ 6
since ----------------------- 3
sir------------------------3, 5
so--------------------------- 4
So------------------------3, 4
sorry ----------------------- 4
speak -------------------3, 4
speaking ------------------ 6
speech--------------------- 6
Springfield----------1, 3, 7
SR--------------------------- 7
SS--------------------------- 1
stamp---------------------- 6
STEBBINS -----------1, 3, 4
stopped ------------------- 3
Sure------------------------ 4
T
taken ---------------------- 7
that ------------------3, 6, 7
the --------------- 3, 4, 6, 7
today ---------------------- 4
Transcriber--------------- 7
transcribers --------------6
transcript ------------- 6, 7
Transcript-----------------7
TRANSCRIPT--------------6
Transcription-------------6
Trial ------------------------7
TRIAL-----------------------1
true-------------------------7
two -------------------------4
TYPE------------------------6
U
Unknown -----------------1
up---------------------------4
V
v-----------------------------6
vehicle---------------------3
Volume--------------------1
VOLUME ------------------6
VS---------------------------1
W
wanted ---------------- 3, 4
was------------------ 3, 4, 7
we ---------------------- 3, 4
We--------------------------4
Well -------------------- 3, 4
were ------------------- 3, 4
What------------------- 3, 4
which ----------------------7
while -----------------------3
will---------------------- 3, 4
with -------------- 3, 4, 6, 7
WITNESS ------------------2
word -----------------------6
would------------------ 3, 4
X
X ----------------------------2
Y
Yes--------------------------4
yesterday -----------------3
yourself --------------- 3, 4