Notarized Statement I wrote in Emergency Room before court.
Even though you can see it is notarized. I will learn it has been altered in the future
I was hurting, i was forced to leave the Hospital against doctors orders because I wanted /needed to get my statement notarized before I went to court that morning.

1-17-2013



On Wednesday January 16th at 14:03:58 I began my exit from Walmart in Springfield,MA the
weather conditions were an icy rain with a slight wind.. I walked toward the row of cars where I
was parked and started on from what my perspective was the right side of the row. In the
meantime a vehicle began backing out of a space as I was walking towards it. I don't believe they
saw me, but they were backing out slow enough that I felt safe in crossing over to the left side of
the row, my car was parked on the left side, farther away from the front of the store, so crossing
seemed the logical thing to do. I made it to the left side of the row before the vehicle backing up
finished reversing, At which point I looked up to see what was in front of me. I saw a group of
approximately six people on the same side I was on, a woman and some younger children and I saw a white SUV slowed almost to a stop in the middle 1/3 of the isle approximately 30 feet away from me with the driver on what appeared to be a cell phone. So I continued my walk towards my car and the group of children looking down because of the icy conditions and seeing
that there was presently trash thrown on the ground by customers of Walmart and more
importantly I didn't want to slip and fall on ice covered pavement. A few moments later I was struck by the right mirror and the body of the same SUV that had been a safe distance away shortly before, I never saw it coming, the driver must have swerved towards me because I didn't weave into the middle of the road while walking. the mirror hit my right bicep and the body of the SUV hit the gallon of milk I had in my hand causing it to hit my right leg and twist it to the point that the milk jugs handle split and cut my right hand, I felt a huge surge of pain and tearing in my right shoulder joint and right bicep and I felt tearing in my right wrist, the pain was instant and I began seeing stars, the impact though it wasn't in my opinion very fast still caused me to
lose my balance and the white SUV's rear right tire ran over the side of my right foot and it was


at this moment that the driver chose to stop trapping my right shoe under the edge of the tire (I
didn't know it at the time, but her tire only ran over my shoe and not my flesh and bone foot). So
in a panic yelled move your car you're on my foot and I swung my right elbow at the rear
passenger side of the SUV hoping to get the drivers attention, the milk jug I was holdings
remaining contents went everywhere and the jug went flying and I was yanking as hard as I
could to get my leg free and then I yelled move your car again and swung my elbow at the side
of the vehicle again and while I was swinging I was able to yank my foot free, but I stumbled and my elbow hit the bottom right corner of the rear windshield instead causing it to shatter (which shouldn't have happened, it was either the luckiest shot in the world or there was already a defect in the window), at that point I could see through the now broken window and there was
a cell phone in the drivers right hand and I yelled- get off your cell phone, you just hit me with
your mirror and stopped your car on my foot, watch where you're driving. the driver said
something either to me or to the person on the phone, but I don't recall what they said because I was so freaked out. the driver then began to drive away, so I turned to walk to my car (I was in
so much pain that I wasn't in any condition to chase the vehicle down and a moment later I heard
yelling behind me, I then turned around to see that the driver had decided to stop and I then yelled call the police and we'll deal with this when they get here and I started walking towards
my car because I didn't have my cell phone on me to call police and I knew there was no point in
arguing with this person about it and seeing that her window was broken in my attempt to free my foot from under her tire, I didn't want to approach her and make her feel that I was in anyway
placing her in danger or that I was trying to intimidate her. The driver yelled some more and I yelled back call the police and then we'll talk. I then placed my remaining groceries into my car
and grabbed a fishing vest I had in my trunk to help stop the bleeding on my right hand. The pain


in my wrist and shoulder was building every moment and I could feel swelling in my right bicep
where the mirror hit me as I stood around waiting for officers to show up. while waiting I was
approached by a few customers and Walmart security all asking if I was okay. I explained to
them that I had been hit by the white SUV that was now parked in the isle towards the store and
that I was in severe pain and I felt dizzy. I explained to the security guard that I had a previous injury to my right wrist and had surgery on my right shoulder, but up until the moment I was hit,
I had been totally pain free in these areas because of therapy with my wrist and a successful surgery to correct the issue with my right shoulder. I asked the security guard to tell the police this too. I didn't want anyone thinking I was trying to fake an injury or that I was trying to claim
to have been in 100% perfect condition before this incident happened. After what felt like forever the police arrived. I stayed a good distance away, so that the driver of the SUV could give their side of the story without me interrupting and I thought I was going to be able to give my side of the story. so the police officers talked to the driver and a white officer then
approached me. he never identified himself as an officer or said his name, the first thing he said
was,
white officer- what the fuck is wrong with you. me- that driver just hit me with their side mirror injuring my right shoulder, bicep and wrist and broke a gallon of milk in my hand causing it to cut me and then stopped her vehicle on my right foot and that in my attempt to get the drivers attention to move the vehicle off my foot, I accidentally broke their rear windshield. ( though I honestly don't think he paid attention to a
word I said.)
white officer- do you have a job me- yes I have a job, but I am out of work because I hurt my right trapezius sliding boxes on a
job
white officer- are you using drugs
me- no, I haven't taken any pain medication because of that injury.


At which point the white officer began huffing and puffing( mumbling under his breath). He waited a few more moments and again asked if i had a job or was on drugs in a rude disrespectful manor. I told him again that yes I have a job and no i wasn't on drugs. it was at this point I told him I was in a lot of pain and I had previously treated injuries to my right shoulder and wrist that
have been severely aggravated by the impact of the SUV and that I also told this to Walmart security, the white officer then informed me I was under arrest, I asked what the charges were and he ignored the question. his partner black officer) approached from my right white officer
then asked for my hands. I told him that I have torn ligaments in both of my wrists and showed
him the surgery scars on my left hand and told him I need to see a doctor, that I was in pain. both officers ignored my statements about my injuries even though I have fresh visible
surgical scars to prove this. I was cuffed and I told both officers that the cuffs were to tight and I
could feel the ligaments in both wrists tearing from the pressure.. they both ignored me and placed me in the police cruiser. the black officer sat in the drivers seat while the white officer
was outside the car finishing whatever he was doing. I repeated to the black officer that I need
medical attention. the black officer told me I'll see a doctor soon. the white officer then entered the passenger door with papers in his hands. the white officer then stated they didn't want to
arrest me cause it was the end of the day, to which responded, why am I under arrest then. the white
officer just laughed. a moment or two later I noticed that the white office had a CD with the
paperwork.. I asked if that was the video of the incident. the white officer said yes, he said it was hard to tell in the video, but it looks like the SUV did hit me and then he laughed. I then got loud and asked why I was being arrested, what are the charges and the white officer said what I did
was a felony and asked me again if I was on drugs and then told me, the white officers exact


words were If you have an issue, you need to go to 6 Fuller st in Chicopee and settle it there). it
was at this point that I decided to stop talking... I was very pissed off that I wasn't read my rights
and that they both refused to tell me what I was being charged with and I didn't want to say
anything to get myself into more trouble, even though I don't have any idea why I was arrested or
what the driver said to the police that made them ignore my side of the incident. it was a 15-20
minute ride to the station and I told both officers twice that I need medical attention both ignored
me. it was only once we pulled up to the garage door that I asked again and the white officer said
they would call an ambulance to check me out and see if I need treatment. the two officers then
brought me into booking and left.. I then informed both of the officers on duty that I need
medical attention. they both said someone will be in to see me shortly. when I realized no one made any calls for medical attention, I stopped answering the officers questions regarding
my name and any other information. they then both told me that I wouldn't be released on bail if I didn't answer. I then asked what i was being charged with and they didn't respond. shortly after
removing my personal items, I was asked take pictures of the cut on my hand and to follow a
officer to have my finger prints scanned, it turns out that I had seen this officer before at a
children's learn to skate program that I took my nephew to at forest park just a month before. I
told him about my injuries and he was very careful not to cause further damage to my wrists and shoulder.. I told him that the cuffs caused me severe pain and what felt like more tearing in both my wrists and that I had previous injuries to both and only had surgery in my left wrist and that
up until I got cuffed, I had been totally pain free, I then told this officer I need to see a Dr and
was still in a terrible amount of pain. he told me that the officers at the desk will take care of me
and I then went to my cell. I sat in that cell until 9pm and did not get any medical attention.
at 9pm I was released on bail. the officers were all pissed off at me and were threatening not to



release me because I wrote I need medical attention on the paperwork dealing with my personal
property. the court clerk was there and he told me that I was only being released because the
police report was one sided.. the audio and video from the jail will prove everything I am stating.
I then spent the next 5 and a half hours in the emergency room just so I could get something for my pain and have X-rays taken, when I could've went to my primary Dr right after the incident, I believe I was falsely arrested. I wrote this while in the ER for 5 hours waiting to see a Dr, so I
apologize for any spelling or grammar errors. January 17+0
HAMPDEN ss.
SIGNED AND SEALED IN THE PRESENCE.
Richard Stebbins 
Laura Stebbins
Linda Stebbins
Mark a. Festa
Notary Public
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
My Commission Expires:
July 29, 2016

