I had just gotten out of the shower on feb 12 2014 when I heard a grown man shout - you was warned not to go to court. I looked out my bedroom window and saw a black ford explorer next to the curb outside my window and I could see clear as day a black woman with her hair pulled back in the drivers seat and two grown black men wearing lower face masks and black clothing fighting with my neighbor Richard Stebbins who was wearing jeans and a blue t-shirt about 20 ft away from the black ford up Phillips
towards Boston rd. From the angle I couldn't see the license plate. I got another look at the driver and raced to get dressed but by the time I got outside the black ford was to far away to see the license plate but it took a left onto Wisteria St. There was a lot of snow on the ground and the street was very icy. My neighbor Richard stebbins was crossing boston rd and wasn't to be found when I drove up the street. 

The next day I called the Springfield police and did a wellness check on my neighbor because I hadn't seen him since the fight in the street. 

I was standing across the street from my house talking with a neighbor on a Wednesday, 21 2014 it was my day off. when I saw a slim black female walk up Phillips ave and placed an envelope in the mailbox for 54 hope st. then she walked back up Phillips and entered apartment number 26 phillips ave. shortly thereafter my neighbor Richard Stebbins arrived home and went to the mailbox pulled out the letter and opened it then he walked across the street to where we were standing and said he just received a court order granting him access to cjis so he can prove that a couple Springfield police officers helped a girl that ran him down in a parking lot get away with driving without insurance and with a suspended registration. He said he didn't know how he got this order cause one judge refused to give it to him and after months of his file disappearing they were finally able to fine it the day before.



He then said he's going to staples to fax it. he went into his house then a short time later came out and drove away. 

I was standing outside talking with a neighbor Thursday sep 4 2014 when I noticed a white suv with a black woman that ran a stop sign on my street. When I got a good look I was able to identify her as the driver of the black suv from the morning that I saw my neighbor Richard stebbins get attacked next to my house. I was about to jump in my car to go write the license plate number down when it pulled into 26 phillips ave. I walked up Phillips ave to get a better look and when she came around the back of the duplex to get her mail I was positive that this was the girl was was driving that day. I have seen this white suv coming and going from that address for the last few years with Springfield police cruisers often parked out front. 

On Friday I told Richard stebbins that I saw the woman driver from the day he was attacked and that she was driving a white suvn plate number 249RN9 and lived right up the street. he said that's not possible cause that's the girl who ran him down and she lived in Chicopee and he also said her license and reg were suspended cause she didn't have insurance and owes Chicopee excise tax from the last few years. 

Monday morning Richard stebbins came to my house and said that I was right and the woman who lives at 26 phillips was kishana Johnson the same girl who ran him down and he was driving. He said he was driving up slater when he saw kishana run a stop sign and drive south on slater ave. he said there was also a police officer driving north on slater and he waved him down and told the officer about her lack of license and insurance and he said the officer made a weird sound and drove off as fast as he could towards boston rd and made no attempt to arrest her. I told him I can identify her if the Springfield police come to take a statement.

Richard stebbins came over my house on Wednesday sept 10 2014 morning and said he just talked to detective jim goldrick in charge of his assault case and said he needed me to go down to the court house with him and that kishana had gotten a harassment order against him. We went down to the clerks office and the supervisor wasn't there.

 We returned the next morning to speak to john gay. We spoke with him and he said he wasn't going to investigate anything. I wasn't sure why the detective told Richard to speak to the clerk supervisor. Richard then asked me to write everything I can remember about this situation so he can have it for court on

Monday sep 15 2014

Sheldon Thompson