Altered version of the "Notarized Statement" I wrote in Emergency Room before court.
Even though you can see it is notarized. I will learn it has been altered in the future
I was hurting, i was forced to leave the Hospital against doctors orders because I wanted /needed to get my statement notarized before I went to court that morning.

1-17-2013



On Wednesday January 16th at 14:03:58 I began my exit from Walmart in Springfield,MA the
weather conditions were an icy rain with a slight wind.. I walked toward the row of cars where I
was parked and started on from what my perspective was the right side of the row. In the
meantime a vehicle began backing out of a space as I was walking towards it. I don't believe they
saw me, but they were backing out slow enough that I felt safe in crossing over to the left side of
the row, my car was parked on the left side, farther away from the front of the store, so crossing
seemed the logical thing to do. I made it to the left side of the row before the vehicle backing up
finished reversing, At which point I looked up to see what was in front of me. I saw a group of
approximately six people on the same side I was on, a woman and some younger children and I saw a white SUV slowed almost to a stop in the middle 1/3 of the isle approximately 30 feet away from me with the driver on what appeared to be a cell phone. So I continued my walk towards my car and the group of children looking down because of the icy conditions and seeing
that there was presently trash thrown on the ground by customers of Walmart and more
importantly I didn't want to slip and fall on ice covered pavement. A few moments later I was struck by the right mirror and the body of the same SUV that had been a safe distance away shortly before, I never saw it coming, the driver must have swerved towards me because I didn't weave into the middle of the road while walking. the mirror hit my right bicep and the body of the SUV hit the gallon of milk I had in my hand causing it to hit my right leg and twist it to the point that the milk jugs handle split and cut my right hand, I felt a huge surge of pain and tearing in my right shoulder joint and right bicep and I felt tearing in my right wrist, the pain was instant and I began seeing stars, the impact though it wasn't in my opinion very fast still caused me to
lose my balance and the white SUV's rear right tire ran over the side of my right foot and it was


at this moment that the driver chose to stop trapping my right shoe under the edge of the tire (I
didn't know it at the time, but her tire only ran over my shoe and not my flesh and bone foot). So
in a panic yelled move your car you're on my foot and I swung my right elbow at the rear
passenger side of the SUV hoping to get the drivers attention, the milk jug I was holdings
remaining contents went everywhere and the jug went flying and I was yanking as hard as I
could to get my leg free and then I yelled move your car again and swung my elbow at the side
of the vehicle again and while I was swinging I was able to yank my foot free, but I stumbled and my elbow hit the bottom right corner of the rear windshield instead causing it to shatter (which shouldn't have happened, it was either the luckiest shot in the world or there was already a defect in the window), at that point I could see through the now broken window and there was
a cell phone in the drivers right hand and I yelled- get off your cell phone, you just hit me with
your mirror and stopped your car on my foot, watch where you're driving. the driver said
something either to me or to the person on the phone, but I don't recall what they said because I was so freaked out. the driver then began to drive away, so I turned to walk to my car (I was in
so much pain that I wasn't in any condition to chase the vehicle down and a moment later I heard
yelling behind me, I then turned around to see that the driver had decided to stop and I then yelled call the police and we'll deal with this when they get here and I started walking towards
my car because I didn't have my cell phone on me to call police and I knew there was no point in
arguing with this person about it and seeing that her window was broken in my attempt to free my foot from under her tire, I didn't want to approach her and make her feel that I was in anyway
placing her in danger or that I was trying to intimidate her. The driver yelled some more and I yelled back call the police and then we'll talk. I then placed my remaining groceries into my car
and grabbed a fishing vest I had in my trunk to help stop the bleeding on my right hand. The pain


in my wrist and shoulder was building every moment and I could feel swelling in my right bicep
where the mirror hit me as I stood around waiting for officers to show up. while waiting I was
approached by a few customers and Walmart security all asking if I was okay. I explained to
them that I had been hit by the white SUV that was now parked in the isle towards the store and
that I was in severe pain and I felt dizzy. I explained to the security guard that I had a previous injury to my right wrist and had surgery on my right shoulder, but up until the moment I was hit,
I had been totally pain free in these areas because of therapy with my wrist and a successful surgery to correct the issue with my right shoulder. I asked the security guard to tell the police this too. I didn't want anyone thinking I was trying to fake an injury or that I was trying to claim
to have been in 100% perfect condition before this incident happened. After what felt like forever the police arrived and arrested me


Prepared by,
Richard Stebbins