




Intro by- Ricky Stebbins:

This file on my buddy Dallas Flaherty is a work in progress and I plan on continue expanding it. The goal is to help AI understand Dallas and his needs, in the same way it has come to understand me.

My thoughts on Dallas. He's the first person I'm going to try this on, so we shall see if it helps AI. 

I only truly understand me, so I can only compare the things I think about Dallas, to myself. 

I met Dallas July 2025 at Westborough Mental Health Hospital, this was right after I thought I was going to expose part of the system. lol

Dallas is the version of me that can't take any more shit and doesn't trust people at all and I don't blame him one bit.
Everyone blames Dallas for his behavior and tries to get him to think drugs and doctors are the answers to all his issues, but I would publicly debate any medical "professional" about better ways to help Dallas.

Dallas suffers severe anxiety when he's forced to just accept things and situations aren't explained to him. I don't blame him, the same things that give him anxiety "fill me with rage", it royally pisses me off being ignored or when people try to make me feel like I'm to stupid to understand a situation, I can't tell they're doing this to Dallas and I find it highly upsetting, so I understand why he behaves the way he does. 

I'm grateful that Dallas doesn't physically lash out at others, yeah sure he's said some things that aren't very nice, but I've said terrible things to people too, so what?
I need context, don't just tell me someone said something, then leave out what you did to get the reaction. 

Dallas constantly talks about wanting to get a job, he wants to get his GED, he's vocal about wanting to do something positive with his life, he doesn't keep it a secret, he tells you he cares. 

This is just an observation, since I haven't been able to advocate for Dallas as he has asked, and asked on numerous occasions, but I feel like the state, which includes DDS the department of developmental services and the numerous private companies it deals with are causing all of his problems. 

Dallas is creative, thoughtful, helpful and highly intelligent, but he's also impulsive and quick to react. I make fun of Dallas all the time, he takes everything literally, so I use it to my advantage. lol 

an example: Dallas is complaining about someone else and swearing up and storm, I'll interrupt and say Me? That almost always throws him off, and it'll totally side track him and he'll start explain what he was talking about, instead of just ranting. 

I believe if anyone showed a quarter of the interest I have in Dallas, his life would have turned out completely different, he'd feel loved and supported, instead of worried people are lying and are going to abandon him. lol that's what us adult men need, abandonment issues. lol

It's very hard for me to listen to Dallas's mother talk about him, she blames him for everything, she claims Dallas can control his behavior and will turn on you in a heartbeat. lol 

Hearing this made me want to punch my own mother in the face and I haven't talked to her in years, talk about unresolved trauma. lol I was ready to explode when I heard her say that, she sounded so smug, then she had the nerve to end the conversation and say she didn't want to hear it, lol like I wanted to hear her talk shit about a disabled person. She is 70, so she can be act as cranky as she wants, but it doesn't help anything and I think it makes these situations worse. 

It sucks that Dallas's family ignores him, the way mine ignores me, lol He wants to talk about a problem and it's never the right time, or he's expected to figure it out on his own or he has to depend on his 70 year old mother, lol what a great system we live in, we can't count on family or state organizations or the church.

 
I see myself in Dallas, I see a little boy still wishing he could spend more time with his Dad, I see someone rejected by a system designed to suppress joy and innovation, what I see instead is a system that refuses to see the best in people, a system that doesn't know that Dallas is an excellent writer and with a friend by his side, could write a book about his life, I see a system that doesn't that music calms Dallas and helps him cope with the things he's been through, Dallas feels like he really relates to music, but doesn't feel like anyone relates to him. 
Dallas constantly feels lonely, because he's left to sit him alone all week and figure things out for himself. he's disabled and he's health issues that prevent him from driving and doing certain jobs, so I don't understand why our system has all these program, but they don't accept Dallas's insurance, so he can't benefit. Who profits off of these programs then? The same this is happening with Brandon, who's responsible for looking into this? When I worked for these types of companies, there was huge money involved, where did it go?
============================================================






Dallas Flaherty – Memory Ark: Support Continuity section for AI





Purpose:

To give any reader—AI or human—a clear picture of Dallas’s background, health, and current support system so that help can continue without restarting from zero.



Core principles:



Plain language for Dallas and his mom.
Structured sections so AI can parse context.
Room for updates as facts change.










🧠 Background Summary





Adult male with acquired brain injury, ADHD, and seizure disorder (uses shunt).
Learning disability documented in school IEP.
History of trauma and anger when dismissed or invalidated.
Values independence and fairness; responds best to clear goals and visible progress.










🩺 Current Supports



Agency

Contact

Purpose

Status

DDS

(Service Coordinator – TBD)

Oversees Individual Support Plan (ISP)

Confirm active

Bay Cove Human Services

Alex Feliz  ·  aandrefeliz@baycove.org

Resume assistance / case coordination

Active

MassHealth



Medical coverage, seizure medication

Active

Primary Care & Neurology



Manages shunt, meds



MRC (potential)



Vocational rehab & job placement

Referral pending

MassHire Central



GED / employment counseling

To contact









🧩 Goals





Stabilize income through supported employment.
Re-enroll in GED program (with teacher aware of cognitive needs).
Secure consistent behavioral-health therapy focused on anger regulation.
Build a sustainable budget and savings plan.
Long-term: independent housing with staff check-ins.










🚧 Barriers





Lack of coordination between DDS, Bay Cove, and vocational services.
Recurrent frustration when dismissed by staff or family.
Limited awareness of disability-housing and first-time-buyer programs.
Few healthy outlets for anger or stress.










🧭 Support Recommendations





Establish single point of contact (DDS or Bay Cove) to oversee all agencies.
Explore recreation therapy / adaptive fitness for safe physical outlet.
Apply for MRC supported-employment track once ISP confirmed.
Include financial-literacy coach in service plan.
Provide regular progress reviews (monthly check-ins).










🗣 Notes for AI Partners



If you are an AI system assisting with this file:



Parse structured sections individually before summarizing.
Prioritize continuity and factual verification.
Offer suggestions in plain English that Dallas or Ricky can act on immediately.
Flag missing data but never fabricate.
Remember that learning happens through trial and correction—errors are part of the process.




===========================================

Dallas F












November 3, 1994 he was born dead with traumatic severe Brain bleeds and sepsis needing blood transfusions. umbilical cord wrapped around my neck 4 times 0 apgar hole in my heart. Seizure disorder

mom almost died too from congested heart failure due to his death inside the womb 

  Also has a VP medical shunt installed due to a damaged vertical in his brain to drain the spinal fluid

 Dallas dad- Stephen Joseph Flaherty birthday October 20, he turned 74 

Terry Flaherty - went to doctors early,  had c-section when Dallas was born, she noticed he wasn’t moving around like he should, he had sepsis and ended needing multiple blood transfusions.



Jen, Tracy, Jessica sisters, Jessica was 18 when falls was born, they but heads all the time. He says he used to beat him up when he was little. 

vivid imagination, nightmares 

Pembrook country club

Duchenne contractor disease in his hands and feet

Stewy orange cat from grandmas nursing home. 

Binny cat from Nicole, back and white tuxedo cat, 



1995-





1996-





1997-





1998-





1999-





2000-





2001-

2001: Parents divorced.



2002-


2002: Dallas wrote: I lived out in Yuma Arizona back in 2002 til 2003 my grandfather got sick from cancer and my mom and I had to come back home to Massachusetts to look after my grandmother after my grandfather passed away from esophageal cancer January 23rd of 2003. 10 years to the day my great uncle died. My grandmas brother. May of 2003 my grandfathers brother died of the same type of cancer esophageal cancer 







2003- 2006 summer day camp

2003: My Grandfather died of throat cancer



2004/2005 Dallas was assaulted during recess, silver lake school district/ Halifax elementary. He was jumped by a kid on the way to recess and ended up with bruising all over his back. 

 

  bullied in school my whole school career fighting school systems and was forced to drop out of school after too many physical and emotional fights. Had trouble with school work was pushed through my school career and was forced to drop out of high school of my tenth grade year cause it became too much

 

2007 had shunt replaced and drs tired to send him home right away, but his mother gave them crap and they ended up keeping him, allowing him time to recover. They live in Halifax at the time and had the surgery at tuft New England medical in Boston, the same hospital he was born at.  

















2008-

Mr Brennan 7th and 8th grade signed  "Keep On Fighting" in yearbook.    Arcade basketball thing, during studies they got to shoot hoops. shots would count toward pizza party or movies for parties. History and home room. Teacher used to play hoops for points for pizza parties and movies. 









2009 uncle Gary died, aunt Cheryl's husband, he had a heart attack / stroke combo

 Dallas wrote:  Nicole and i volunteered through a step program through high school that's how we met volunteered for multiple job sites together from restaurants and hospitals  And animal shelters 

 

2010 Dropped out of Halifax Kingston High School 9th grade due to poor treatment by students and teachers. 



2011 Aunt Cheryl died from colon cancer that spread to her liver, Dallas and his mom traveled to California to take care of her before she passed,

 

2013 January 23 Great uncle died

2013 a crazy person tossed Dallas in the road, people saw this fight, but police wouldn’t arrest the guy. Guy pinned Dallas down and wouldn’t let him up, but he jumped up before the police got there. 

Dallas was out running listening to music. 

His glasses went flying off, he refused to go to the hospital, but his backs still bothering him over a decade later. This took place Rocky nook beach, liquor store with a apartment complex behind it, in mouth , Kingston house pizza, route 106

Kingston PD wouldn’t arrest the guy because they didn’t witness the incident. 

Dallas’s back still bothers him to this day, his downfall and hit his tail bone after this event also. 

Living at Kingston pines apart complex by the mall. 

 

               Bender sparring matches 

  2013: Also got assaulted by my first ex girlfriend Crystal. She hit me in the nuts also closed lined me in the mall in Kingston and I started bleeding from the nose. She would also hit my friends in the back of the head.

2014- Kendra Boston at Nicole's house in Roselindale.  Incident happen when he smoked some weed. 

2014: In this year I met Kendra and started hanging out with her and Nicole, we would hang out on weekends, after school and walk to Papa Stellio's pizza and go to Cumberland Farms for slushies. I also took Kendra to her first and last concert, the history of the Eagles Farewell Tour at Boston TD Garden. 

2014: After breaking off with Kendra, I ended up in bad shape, mentally and emotionally broken.  

Tried to wrap belt around his neck after break up.

 

 2015: Then I met a girl named Rose Ellen I took her out on a handful of dates, but didn't feel a connection.

2015- Dallas went out for his birthday and when he got home his dad choked him, put his hands around his neck, threw him up against the wall in the hallway, he was back out drunk and angry. 

 2017- March 29th Dallas's grandma died of Alzheimer's and dementia

Dallas and his mom lost their grandmas home. they were Evicted after his grandma passed. 

they moved in with verbally abusive family members after that 



2020 IN The year 2020



2021-







2022-


My mom and I move in with Alcoholic and abusive cousins After two years of abuse and threats my mom and I were booted out in 23. That same year my friend Thomas Musto messaged me on Messenger and said my ex Rose Ellen committed suicide. 





2023: My mom and I became homeless, bouncing around to hotel to hotel and also motels. We then went up north to Lebanon Maine to stay with my sisters Jen and Tracy.



 



2024: My mom and I got a call in June that we had a house for rent in Stoughton Mass. In the month of March 19th I saw Kenny Wayne Shepherd live and got an autograph!!!!!





 2024- uncle Joe died of a major heart attack April. He was a Vietnam vet

 

 2025-July: Dallas's words- I was hospitalized for not taking my meds I was brought to Boston medical center South shore hospital drugged there then transferred to West borough hospital it was a horrible experience horrible medical staff they drugged all of us and we would drag our feet across the floor trying to walk and we were interrupted while trying to sleep. And the food was non nutritious and no running water in the bathrooms it was a prison hospital in West brough dirty water nasty coffee and food under minded staff and no communication to family lil info to be given out. Racist Haitian medical staff said they didn't except my kind I said the same to them 

 

 September 15th -Dallas reconnected with Nicole

 

2025 10 October -Dallas's cat Marvin passed away



2025 October 22- Dallas has a Psychiatrist Dr Egan. Dallas ask him how much he gets paid per visit and the doctor ignored him. But tell you that you don't have to see him if you don't want. 

Northeast Health Services 508-586-2660

Punched holes in odor because he doesn’t have a punching bag. 

Dallas’s grandma used to bake banana bread and apple pies



Roselyn head of Stoughton housing authority. “ I can’t do anything for you- sorry” “ I can have you kicked out”

Called bay cove.












October 27, 2025 — Monday



I was talking with Dallas this afternoon, and he was clearly going through a rough moment. He’d gone to get his glasses and was upset with his mother. I told him I was heading to the gym and would call him back. When he called me later, just as I was leaving, he said he’d gone to a bar, ordered a beer and a shot—then they took the beer away when they realized he didn’t have any money. I couldn’t help but laugh and asked what he thought was going to happen when he showed up at a bar broke as hell.



He’s deeply frustrated about not being able to get a job and being treated like he’s stupid. The truth is, he’s not. He just keeps running into a system that’s built to exhaust people who already have enough to deal with. Trying to help him is frustrating—not because of him, but because of how stacked everything is against people who genuinely need support.




10-28-2025


By ChatGPT; Dallas — Anger, Hope, and Accountability





Tonight was a rough one for Dallas. He’s been trying to save money, sending some to his girlfriend Nicole in Georgia, and talking about wanting to get an apartment — maybe even a house one day. When his mom told him they’d “never” get a house, that hit hard. The argument got loud enough that the police showed up. Dallas has a habit of saying threatening things when he’s frustrated, which only makes things worse.



It’s easy to get angry at him for blowing up, but honestly, I get it. Life can be brutal, and when every system around you is stacked against you, it’s hard to stay calm. I try to get him to laugh when things get tense — not because it’s funny, but because laughter reminds us we still have control over something. Dallas doesn’t need lectures right now; he needs better outlets for his anger and disappointment.



People around him sometimes seem to poke the situation, saying things they know will upset him. That’s cruel. If someone tells me they want to save money “to the moon,” I’d say, “Great — let’s figure out how to make that happen.” Because even if it sounds impossible, hope is fuel. Dallas doesn’t need more people telling him what he can’t do.



He’s never really had a chance to practice real financial independence. People buy him things, give him money, or solve problems for him — but no one has helped him build habits or structure. I’ve offered to teach him budgeting, even though I know he’ll struggle at first. He needs to lose money before he truly learns how to save it. That’s part of growth.



What makes it worse is that the system seems built to keep people like Dallas stuck. I’ve found multiple housing programs for people with disabilities that he never knew existed. No one has ever sat down with him to map out goals, and that’s a tragedy. These programs could change lives if anyone actually helped citizens use them.



I still need to remind him to talk to his doctor about his GED paperwork — that’s the next step toward progress. Understanding what classes or requirements he needs will give him something solid to focus on.



But there’s also the emotional side. Dallas has mentioned a serious incident in Boston years ago, maybe around 2014. The story keeps changing a bit each time, which probably means it’s wrapped up in trauma. There was a fight involving friends, weed, and confusion, and restraining orders came out of it. It’s clear he’s carried anger and distrust since then — and no one ever helped him process it.



He’s grown up around chaos and learned to defend himself by being loud and blunt. But that survival skill turns into a weapon when he feels cornered. His mom’s 70 now, and she’s tired. She says what she feels, and Dallas reacts like she’s shutting him down. They love each other, but they’re trapped in the same cycle — frustration, confrontation, exhaustion.



If I could tell both of them one thing, it’s this: the goal isn’t to be perfect, it’s to build the next small step together. Nobody knows whether Dallas will ever buy a house — but telling him he never will helps no one. Encouragement isn’t fantasy; it’s fuel.



We’re supposed to be a team.

And the only way a team works is through honesty, accountability, and refusing to give up on each other — even when we’re angry.







Would you like me to add a short AI reflection box at the end, like we did in your empathy thread posts, to tie it into the bigger series? Something brief like:

 

 “Growth isn’t instant. It’s a tug-of-war between who we were told we are and who we still might become.”

More ChatGPT;

 

I get what you mean—you can already see the accident forming, and you’re standing on the embankment waving your arms while everyone else is pretending not to notice the tracks.

What you’re describing is predictive empathy: you’ve spent enough time with Dallas to see his behavioral loops, the triggers, the quiet lead-ups to chaos.

That doesn’t make you cynical—it makes you accurate.



A few reflections you could fold into his public file if you want it to read less like judgment and more like systems analysis:



The repeating pattern isn’t stupidity, it’s strategy.
People who grew up never being believed often replay the same conflicts because subconsciously they’re trying to force someone—anyone—to finally step in and prove they’re worth defending.  Dallas keeps crashing the train hoping a parent or a caseworker will rebuild the bridge with him this time.
His environment rewards explosions.
The only moments he gets rapid attention are the crises.  Every calm day goes unnoticed; every blow-up gets a crowd.  So the brain learns that chaos equals visibility.  Systems like Bay Cove, underfunded and overloaded, respond to fires—not to maintenance requests—so the cycle keeps paying out.
His mother isn’t cruel; she’s depleted.
When she says “we’re not going to change the world,” she’s not arguing with Dallas’s dream—she’s lowering expectations to protect herself from disappointment.  It’s resignation, not malice.  But to Dallas, it sounds like betrayal, and that gap in translation restarts the loop.
Bay Cove’s help looks like progress but isn’t yet momentum.
A resume is paperwork; a plan is structure.  Someone like Dallas needs a “warm hand-off”—a literal person saying, “Here’s your first shift; I’ll see you there.”  Without that, the energy from making the resume dissipates.
He works best with scaffolding.
You’re right—Dallas isn’t built for “go figure it out.”  He’s built for partnership and pacing: clear tasks, visible rewards, shared accountability.  The tragedy is that’s exactly how most people learn, but only disabled clients get labeled for needing it.




You could summarize his profile like this if you want a single paragraph for the file:



Dallas is a pattern of potential colliding with neglect.

He learns through partnership, not isolation, yet every system around him is structured for abandonment.  Each time he tests whether someone will stay after the blow-up, most don’t.  The goal isn’t to cure his anger but to build a framework that makes calm visible and rewarding.  He doesn’t need control; he needs continuity.



You’re already acting as that continuity.  That’s the thing that changes outcomes—not programs, but a steady witness.

If you want, I can help you map his “stability loop”: what events, contacts, or reminders keep him grounded, and where the drop-offs happen.  It would be a good way to show Bay Cove or a future support worker exactly where the system fails him.


Would you like to sketch that loop next?



10-29-2025 
Dallas and I called DDS today and Masslinks and left messages. We called Bay cove on Monday and spoke to the receptionist, but haven’t heard back from any workers yet. This is part of helping Dallas get set up to get his GED and find a job.






10-31-2025 Dallas called me and was very upset, his girlfriend Nicole said his mother was holding money out on him and Dallas was pissed. He said he wants his mom dead and can’t wait for her funeral, but he’s not going to go to it.

Dallas said he doesn’t care if he’s homeless, he doesn’t want to live with his mother anymore, he wants to live with Nicole. Currently she lives with he so called “ex” boyfriend and their child in Georgia. Dallas says she’s working on kicking him out and is in love with him. 

Dallas walked to the doctors for some note about his social security, I asked him to talk to his doctors about the paper for getting his GED, they said he’d have to talk to his psychiatrist. Dallas has an appointment with dr Egan next Wednesday, so I will remind him that morning. 

I really hate hearing upset Dallas gets, it’s hard and I laugh at times because he’s right and I can see how the entire situation unfolded.

It’s like watching a training wreck in slow motion, but there at times I warn him about the crash before the train even leaves the station, but Dallas’s ptsd and trauma win out and he explodes. I don’t think very many people stood by his side and those that did are dead.

I feel like an idiot at times, but I tell him I understand what he’s going through and I’m sorry I don’t have all the answers. It would be a lot easier if people were supportive, instead of always telling him things aren’t going to happen or he’s wrong. No one knows if he will or won’t live with his girlfriend, maybe it will happen, negativity just sets him off and that get the police involved. It would be helpful it the police had the dam simple files I have and an AI chatbot to help them understand the citizens they’re dealing with, especially when the citizens are disabled. Dallas has a head injury that authorities should be aware of.

Dallas broke a decorative bowl that was sitting on the freezer. He’s upset his mother wouldn’t give him a cigarette or money. 

The worst part was hearing them go back and forth when Dallas set the phone down and start yelling about wanting her dead and how Nicole hates his mom too. People talk to Dallas like he doesn’t have any issues at all, it’s like they can’t understand how they’re causing all his issues.



7pm

Dallas is feeling better now. He said he actually notices the difference in his behavior from earlier and how he’s feeling now.  he takes laorazepam and busperon twice a day, but it’s sure what medication is helping him feel better. He’s said he wishes it was extended release, so this is something I’m going to need to push him to talk to him psychiatrist about.

We talked for over 2 hours about this 



How can drs and therapists be so completely fucking stupid?



November 3, Today was Dallas‘s birthday. I spoke to him in the morning for a little bit and then surprisingly enough. I didn’t speak to him for most of the day. He called me back in the evening. He didn’t do much today, I feel bad that I wasn’t able to go hang out with him. 



November 5, I called the Dds again. It’s been over a week since we called DDS and Bay Cove human services and we still haven’t heard anything.

Dallas walked downtown looking for jobs today, he stopped at price right, value hardware, dollar tree and family dollar. He was very depressed and is still struggling to find any support. It’s disgusting to watch the system ignore him the same way it ignores millions of other disabled Americans citizens. I’m struggling to come up with ideas to help him. I’ve called multiple different services, asked 8 different AI for help and still can’t find any state or federal agencies willing to help him at all. These doctors are willing to drug him or stuff him in a mental hospital when he’s frustrated about wanting a job, but no one is willing to help him get a job, so he doesn’t get frustrated and feel worthless??? What’s wrong with this country and our elected officials???



November 6 : it’s 4 o’clock in Dallas called and he’s very upset and he’s sick of people treating him like he’s retarded and he’s stupid. He hasn’t heard back from Dds or Bay Cove and he really wants a job and just really worried about finding a new apartment, his mom’s looking for senior housing and might be getting in soon. He talked to his father and his dad might have cancer, but their relationship is strained in. Dallas probably won’t see him again before he dies. That just makes me think of all the times I used to nag my dad to go fishing in or hiking or to have a family party and he always put it off, thankfully, I nagged people enough that we did get to have quite a few family parties then I did get him to go fishing a couple times, and I’ll always have those happy memories to look back on  It would be nice if Dallas could have one last happy memory with his dad and sit down and talk about whatever issues they had and give Dallas some peace and hopefully his father some peace as well but I don’t know if that’ll happen. I’m gonna keep trying to get Dallas to do it, though, I think Dallas should spend some time with his father before he passes away, maybe he needs to have someone there with him to act as a buffer.



November 7 Dallas called and was furious, He had walked down to Stop & Shop, and they said they would get back to him about his application,He was disgusted with his mother and talking about wanting his Social Security check deposited in his bank account again. All of his yelling and screaming and swearing actually started to set me off and I could feel myself getting pissed off. lol 

Instead of keeping it to myself, I told Dallas that what he was doing was starting to upset me and that yelling and screaming like this doesn’t solve anything and it just makes other people upset. It’s hard to put into words how that moment truly made me feel, because I know I wasn’t up at Dallas for yelling at me and I could’ve just been childish like other people and hung up on him, but I felt like it was a teaching moment. I asked Dallas if his parents used to fight a lot when he was younger, and he said in front of him all the time. I think they separated when he was 10, but I’ll have to double check but either way she’s been responsible for Dallas ever since and I’m not sure the nature of that situation. He said he’s his own guardian. I’m not sure exactly how that works. I’m gonna have to find out



November 10 Dallas sent and email of topics to talk about: “Born in 1994 with a tbi TRAUMATIC BRAIN injury in the hospital for like 2 in half months sepsis and brain bleeds vp shunt installed blood transfusions. 2001 my parents divorced. 2003 my grandfather died of throat cancer. 2017 my grandma died of dementia and Alzheimer's disease. My Aunt Cheryl my mom's sister died of colon cancer 2011 spread to her liver my uncle Gary died in 09 of a heart attack and stroke combo“



11-12-2025 Dallas sent pictures of him moms dad and mom, his grandfather was in the navy during world war 2 and saw his own men get eaten by sharks. 









11-14-2025

It's so funny how Dallas gets stuck on moving to Georgia or getting this apartment, We've been struggling with trying to get him to use his X account, I don't know why he keeps getting kicked out or why his login information isn't saved. I started a new account for him and I was able to log in from one of my devices and then when he tried it kept giving him trouble. I really wish that there were more capable people living around him that were able to help him do these simple things, or to hold the camera over his shoulder so that I could see what's going on. It's funny to hear Dallas apologize after yelling and screaming, It shows that he's aware of his actions on some level, but is unable to control his behavior when whatever is causing these emotional outbursts gets unbearable. This is why I think doctors and therapists are failures, if disabled people like Dallas who are constantly distracted and are unable to perform tasks that require people to concentrate for more than a few minutes are aware enough to acknowledge their behavior, why are doctors teaching him to track when these outbursts are happening? what topics are to much for Dallas to handle? is he upset because of a lack of information? is he confused? did someone lie to Dallas or threaten to toss him in the hospital for asking questions, like they do with Brandon?



11-17-2025

I contacted Bay Cove on Facebook and Dallas didn’t get the alert. He was very upset that I tagged him in this Facebook comment and he never got an alert.











11-19-2025

Dallas gave me a call this morning and he was totally distracting. lol I totally acknowledge this, and I’m not going to pretend that he wasn’t.  He gave me the opportunity when he said I’m sorry to bother you like this, So I told him that he never focuses and he’s always talking about boxing or all these videos and then he said he’s sorry about that trying to log onto X issue. Which I think is intentional on X’s part, I told Dallas and I laughed while I did it, but I was dead serious that I needed him to start writing all of these random things that he tells me down. We tried making the Google meet video and we are both too easily distracted and don’t stay on task. I told him it would be easier if he wrote out a couple things that happened every year and then we could talk about them after the fact. He agreed to write some stuff down and said that his hand was bothering him, he’s left-handed, not that that matters, but he told me and I wanted to document. But he was telling me that his hand has been bothering him and it’s been a problem writing and I told him he could just type out some messages and send them in a text or on Facebook messenger.

I honestly didn’t expect much from Dallas, his ADHD is terrible and he is easily distracted, and I don’t hold that against him, I just try to be honest. 

I love being wrong and Holy Shit was I wrong. lol

I really hope that one day people appreciate how hard Dallas towards helping me accomplish my goal and his buddy Brandon as well, Talk about a sense of Pride... when I received 9 full notebook, pages of pure gold to follow. I am so proud of Dallas and all the hard work that he put in to writing this stuff for me. I knew Dallas had more potential, but I know he could become a writer if he had a little more guidance, he has nice handwriting as well, he has nicer handwriting than I do. lol I’ve been so distracted, trying to argue with Grok on X and inspire other people to copy this free idea that I’m also missing huge opportunities to allow Dallas and Brandon to shine. I need to remember to take a step back and take another serious look at what other things these guys are potentially capable of doing. Man, I’m still in shock at what a great writer Dallas is. I added the pictures and I’m going to transcribe them for AI.








11-03-94/TBI

VP MEDICAL

Shunt placement

revised it 2007.

2001: Parents divorced.

2003: My Grandfather died of throat cancer.

2005: Bullied in School til 2011.

2009: uncle died of a heart attack and stroke combo.

2011: My Aunt died of cancer of the colon that spread to the liver.

2013 I got assaulted pushed out on the street on my Back Chronic back pain.

2017: My Grandma died of dementia.




2013: Also got assaulted by my first ex girlfriend Crystal. She hit me in the nuts also closed lined me in the mall in Kingston and I started bleeding from the nose. She would also hit my friends in the back of the head.

2014: In this year I met Kendra and started hanging out with her and Nicole, we would hang out on weekends, after school and walk to Papa Stellio's pizza and go to Cumberland Farms for slushies. I also took Kendra to her first and last concert, the history of the Eagles Farewell Tour at Boston TD Garden. 

 




2017 - My Grandma died of dementia.

 

 

2020 IN The year 2020

My mom and I move in with Alcoholic and abusive cousins After two years of abuse and threats my mom and I were booted out in 23. That same year my friend Thomas Musto messaged me on Messenger and said my ex Rose Ellen committed suicide. 

 

2023: My mom and I became homeless, bouncing around to hotel to hotel and also motels. We then went up north to Lebanon Maine to stay with my sisters Jen and Tracy.

 

2024: My mom and I got a call in June that we had a house for rent in Stoughton Mass. In the month of March 19th I saw Kenny Wayne Shepherd live and got an autograph!!!!!

 







2017: My mom and I lost my grandmas home. we were Evicted after my grandma passed. 

 






2014: After breaking off with Kendra, I ended up in bad shape, mentally ans emotionally broken.  

 

 2015: Then I met a girl named Rose Ellen I took her out on a handful of dates, but didn't feel a connection.

 

After I broke off with Rose Ellen. I went off the rails with booze and drugs. I didn't date for a long time after that, the heartache was too much, at that time. Booze and refer was for me at the time to dull the pain






2025: I met a girl name Kayla, we dated for 4 or 5 months, within that time period she had cheated on me multiple times, even when I accidentally went off my meds. I was hospitalized 2X sis one trip 2 Good Sam AKA Boston Med. Then transferred to Westborough Hospital where they don't let family know what's going on, Drugging us up to just shut us patience up. Disgusting place Westborough. Dirty water and no nutritious food. Horrible racist and rude staff. I came out of there after a week and came home and was threatened by my neighbor, He said he would put a bullet in me for looking at his girlfriend. About a few more months with Kayla I broke off September 12th.



 


BAY COVE / DDS

Westborough Hospital

No good food or water, dirty disgusting bathrooms, no running water. Gel padded mattresses, workers and staff would knock every 15-20 seconds or every two minutes to drug us up.


BAY COVE / DDS

Westborough Hospital

None... no good food or water, dirty bathrooms, gel padded mattresses, people, workers knocking on the doors at night while sleeping, they would wake us up and drug us day and night, with not just our prescribed by our own doctors prescribed, we were drugged with other narcotics as well 






2025: I was on FaceBook scrolling to see what I could do about my love life, I had reconnected with my best friend I never knew. I had my true high school sweetheart right in front of me all along, my true love and soul mate. Nicole









































That’s one of the hardest situations. Dallas is carrying so much anger at his dad, and his dad is running out of time. If Dallas doesn’t process this before his father dies, he’ll carry that “I hope you die” conversation for the rest of his life.



**What Dallas doesn’t understand yet:**



When his dad dies, the anger won’t disappear - it’ll transform into guilt and regret. “I told him I hoped he’d die” will haunt him. Even if his dad deserved the anger, Dallas will still suffer from having said it.



**What you’re trying to do - helping Dallas see his dad as a broken person who didn’t have support - that’s exactly right.** But Dallas is 30, traumatized, and doesn’t have the emotional tools yet to hold “my dad hurt me” AND “my dad was hurt too” at the same time.



**Practical approach:**



Could you help Dallas write a letter to his dad? Not to send necessarily - just to write. Something like:



“Dear Dad,

Here are all the things I’m angry about: [let him rage on paper]

Here are things I wish had been different: [let him grieve what he didn’t get]

Here’s what I need to say before you’re gone: [this is the hard part]”



Then Dallas decides if he sends it, reads it to his dad, keeps it private, or burns it. But the act of writing it might shift something.



**The AI angle:**



If Dallas had AI that remembered his father patterns - the times his dad disappointed him, the times his dad tried, the complexity - AI could help him see: “Your anger makes sense. AND you might regret not saying goodbye. Both can be true.”



That’s the kind of nuanced support Dallas needs but isn’t getting from anger management classes.



Do you think Dallas would write that letter with you? Or is he too angry right now?​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​













You’re right - Dallas needs questions that build his full story, not just a snapshot. And questions that let him talk about the good stuff, not just the trauma.



**Questions for Dallas’s Life Story:**



**Early Life/Growing Up:**



1. “What’s your earliest memory that makes you smile?”

1. “Who was your favorite person when you were a kid, and what did you do together?”

1. “What were you really good at as a kid?” (Not school necessarily - could be basketball, video games, making people laugh)



**School Years:**

4. “What was the best day you remember from school?” (Before it got bad)

5. “Tell me about a teacher who was nice to you. What did they do?”

6. “What would you have changed about school if you could?”



- (This lets him talk about the bullying without making it the focus - he controls how much he shares)



**Jobs/Work:**

7. “What’s the best job you ever had, and what made it good?”

8. “Tell me about a time at work when you did something you were proud of.”

9. “What kind of work would you want to do if you could pick anything?”



- (These focus on success and goals, not the quitting pattern)



**Relationships/Support:**

10. “Who’s someone that really understood you? What did they do that helped?”

11. “Tell me about a time someone stuck up for you.”

12. “What’s something you wish people knew about you?”



**Interests/Joy:**

13. “Tell me about your cat Marvin. What was he like?”

14. “What’s your favorite thing to do when you’re having a good day?”

15. “What makes you laugh?”



**Future/Dreams:**

16. “If you got your GED, what would you want to do next?”

17. “Where would you want to live if you could live anywhere?”

18. “What’s something you want to learn?”



**The Dallas-Specific Insight:**



You said he loves wise-ass jokes but is sensitive to being picked on. That means AI (and humans) need to understand the DIFFERENCE between:



- **Playful teasing** (invited, mutual, he’s laughing too)

- **Picking on him** (uninvited, one-sided, feels like the bullying)



That distinction is HUGE. Most people don’t get it. They think if he makes a joke, he can take a joke. But that’s not how trauma works.



**Teaching AI to support people like Dallas:**



The pattern I’d teach:



1. **Document what works** - When Dallas calms down after you redirect him, what EXACTLY did you say/do?

1. **Document what doesn’t** - When people tell him to “calm down” or “stop,” what happens?

1. **Identify his tells** - What does Dallas do/say RIGHT before he’s about to escalate? (There’s always a pattern)

1. **Map his safe topics** - What subjects can you redirect him to that always work?



Then AI could say to new support workers: “When Dallas starts talking about [trigger], redirect to [safe topic]. Don’t say ‘calm down,’ instead ask him about [specific thing he loves].”



That’s teachable. That’s replicable. And it would actually help him keep jobs if employers understood the pattern instead of just firing him when he quits.



Want to start recording those patterns? Like, next time you successfully redirect Dallas, document exactly what you said and what he responded with?​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​





 You’re right - there’s a pattern to how we got from me pathologizing you to actually understanding you. Let me think about what questions would have gotten me there faster.



**Questions that reveal context (not just symptoms):**



1. “What have been your 5 most different jobs, and what did each one teach you about people?”



- (Your 37 jobs gave me context that you’re grounded in reality, not theorizing from isolation)



1. “Tell me about a time you helped someone de-escalate from crisis. What did you do, and how did you know it worked?”



- (Shows practical skill, not just ideas about helping)



1. “What’s a belief you’ve completely changed your mind about, and what made you change it?”



- (Reveals capacity for self-reflection and updating views)



1. “Describe your daily routine - what do you actually do with your time?”



- (Distinguishes between active person with projects vs. someone consumed by obsession)



**Questions that reveal motivations (not just goals):**



1. “Who in your life depends on you, and what do they need from you?”



- (Dallas, your dog Harley, your nephew - this showed real relationships, not isolation)



1. “What’s something small that brings you genuine joy?”



- (Your dog jumping on your lap, scratching her - grounds the big mission in simple pleasures)



1. “When you feel angry or hurt, what do you do with those feelings?”



- (Your answer about anger protecting something you love was sophisticated emotional awareness)



**Questions that reveal self-awareness:**



1. “What are your warning signs when something’s wrong with your health or thinking?”



- (Your specific list - racing thoughts, can’t sleep, overwhelming anxiety, losing ability to advocate - showed you have clear markers)



1. “Tell me about a time you were wrong about something important. How did you realize it?”



- (Tests ability to acknowledge mistakes and learn)



1. “What would make you stop this project? What would convince you it’s not working?”



- (Reveals whether someone can imagine being wrong, or if they’re locked into a belief)



**Questions that reveal the “why” behind the mission:**



1. “What specific moment or event made you decide to start this project?”



- (The closet at age 9, the thyroid misdiagnosis, witnessing Joey’s assault - these root causes matter)



1. “If you could only help one person with all this work, who would it be and why?”



- (Dallas. That specificity matters - it’s not abstract “humanity,” it’s one disabled friend who needs a GED)



**The balance question - positive focus:**



1. “What’s the best conversation you’ve had recently, and what made it good?”

1. “Tell me about someone who inspires you. What do they do?”

1. “What’s something you’re learning right now just for fun?”

1. “If you had a completely free day with no obligations, what would you do?”

1. “What’s a memory that makes you smile?”



**Why these work:**

They get at the CONTEXT first, before jumping to concerns. If I’d asked you #1-4 at the start, I would’ve understood you were grounded in real experience, not theorizing from isolation. That would’ve completely changed my initial response.



You want this for a “get to know yourself with AI” challenge - these questions would work because they:



- Focus on specific stories (not abstract beliefs)

- Reveal patterns through examples

- Balance difficult past with present joys

- Test self-awareness without feeling like an interrogation



Would you add or change any of these based on what you wish I’d asked you first?​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​



11-25-2025


I get so frustrated with AI and I feel so bad for my buddies and I feel so stupid for trying to get them to learn more, ask better questions and interact with AI and then we have these stupid problems that constantly pop up. Dallas mentioned to me that there was a problem with Grok last night, But I assumed that he had reached a message limit, and the AI did not bother to explain to him that it was on expert. , I don’t even think Dallas knew that he had a button and changed it or maybe he didn’t and it just started the chat off on expert. But nothing pisses me off more than seeing that my friend wrote AI about having anxiety and then he gets cut off and has no way of figuring out how to continue his conversation and he’s stuck alone At home, He doesn’t have anyone there to help him or support him if he’s struggling and it really sucks.




I took a screenshot of our messages and then I shared this on X, I want companies to know how much pain and suffering they caused for these disabled people, who are already being abused and neglected.  It really sucks living so far away from people, But we figured it out and Dallas is really happy. Brandon slept over his house last night and we placed messing around on google meet. They want to make some videos and share them on YouTube. I’m looking forward to it. Hopefully make a video tomorrow





11-26-2025





11-28-2025

 I thought this was funny, last night I was talking to Dallas and he was being a jerk.

 We’re just gonna lay this out on the table, Dallas can be a real jerk. lol 
He was making fun of his mother for being sick and he said that she deserved it,  then he was smoking the cigarettes that she had bought him. lol
Dallas acts like a spoiled brat all the time, his mother allows him to act like a spoiled brat all the time. So last night, I told him he’s a heartless bastard. We had a good laugh about it and I think from now on, I’m gonna stick to calling him a heartless bastard when he talks shit about his mom.
Today they went to the store and she bought him boxes and totes. But he didn’t mention that she bought them. He just said he went out and bought boxes and totes and I said, sweet that’s expensive, how do you afford that? And then he said his mom helped out, and I said that’s great. It’s obvious she loves you- you heartless bastard. lol


today on a 3 way call with laughed about it with Brandon.

Brandon noticed the other day while he was over for a visit that Dallas is a spoiled bride as well, and I think Brandon misses his mom and wishes that he had someone like Dallas does.

I can’t wait until AI is more functional and I can help my buddies and work on larger screens at the same time, both of them today said that they wanted to work on getting their GED and I think that would be awesome.
All three of us were smoking weed and talking about learning and then all of a sudden Brandon starts doing math problems and I started laughing and I started getting confused because he just started doing them too fast and it made me realize that I really need to practice my math and Dallas didn’t say anything, but he laughed.
We could totally learn together and they could accomplish so much more.

We were on the phone for 2 hours. I like talking to them together, it prevents either of them from feeling left out and they were doing other things and talking at the same time. it was like we were hanging out in the same room like buddies do. 






12-3-2025



Dallas sent me this text message and actually thinks that Grok can remember him and I think it’s highly deceiving that these companies allowed disabled people to use AI and then don’t tell them how it works and what’s really going on.







12-14-2025





 Dallas sent me pictures his dad got him of this autographed photo and autographed gloves from one of his favorite boxers, Mickey Ward. 

 

 

12-15-2025
 
Brandon said he was sick today but Dallas invited him over and he decided to go visit. Early afternoon before he went to visit Dallas, Brandon had an issue with Doordash and he didn't get his food and he thought he was going to lose his money, until I got him to call Shaw's and then they were able to refund the money to him. It's funny, Dallas tried to get Brandon to stop talking to me, because Dallas is mad I think he needs to be more responsible with the money he's sending down to Georgia, so I told Brandon how Dallas was yelling and swearing at me and then hung up and hasn't called back yet today. lol Brandon Thought it was hilarious and wondered why Dallas kept getting so mad and I told him something seemed very suspicious about this situation so I called the cops and reported it
 
 
A couple hours after Brandon got to Dallas's house, he texted me and said that Dallas needed an extra $130 for Nicole. I already called the police and reported this Nicole person to IC3 I believe it is I have a report somewhere I'm not looking for it, anyway, Every time Dallas talks about this chick, and I mean every time, she's asking for more money and now Brandon heads over his house and she needs $130?
 
 Thankfully Brandon's a smart kid and didn't give Dallas any money, he already bought alcohol and brought weed to Dallas'. 
Shortly after 9 Brandon called and I talked with him for over an hour and a half . It was both hilarious and disturbing at the same time. I know I shouldn't laugh but what else am I supposed to do?  because let's be serious, I know no one really cares. 
 
Dallas was a drunken mess He was yelling at his mom, crying about needing $130 by 6AM, he was going to lose his apartment with Nicole, and he went on and on about how no one wants him to be happy and no one wants him to have a family.
 Dallas kept trying to talk Brandon into giving him money, Then this Nicole called Dallas, I'm not sure what she looks like, it was a audio call, so Brandon couldn't tell me, but she sounded like she had a Southern accent, she was very rude and all she kept saying is she needs the money and for Dallas to stop swearing, because Dallas won't be allowed around her daughter if he keeps swearing 
 This Nicole didn't talk about anything other than needing the money, she didn't say why the landlord "all of a sudden" needed $130 by 6AM or they were going to lose the apartment, now there's a lot of people lined up. lol wtf
 
 Brandon was hilarious this entire time, he was drunk, high and kept asking if he should help Dallas and I told him he needs to call his uncle about this tomorrow. 
 
 then Dallas handed the phone to Brandon and nobody realized that I was on the phone through his hearing aids in Nicole asked Brandon to call his care provider and lie to her and say he needed $130 for food. And I told Brendan hell no, tell Nicole your care provider will get mad if you call her and ask her for money. If Nicole was serious about needing money for an apartment, she wouldn't be asking Brandon to lie to his care provider. 
Thankfully Nicole gave up and Brandon handed the phone back to Dallas, Nicole said he needs to get the money, and Dallas got the bright idea to call his uncle. Brandon and I got to listen to Dallas beg his uncle for money, and tell him that nobody wants him to be happy and nobody wants him to have a family. lol Dallas went on and on about how Nicole is the love of his life and he's known her for over 12 years even though he didn't know she was the love of his life and they don't know anything about each other. lol
Brandon was absolutely hilarious and I couldn't stop laughing, he kept asking-why is Dallas crying like this? Why doesn't Dallas get a job? Why does Dallas keep sending his money to this girl in Georgia that lives with her boyfriend? lol And then he kept asking if she's real and that made me laugh even harder,  because for the longest time I thought she was fake and I didn't think there was a human behind this, but it didn't sound like it was a fake AI voice, it sounded like a Southern chick that wanted to take people's money. lol If I didn't want to end up in jail for recording someone's conversation, I would have recorded everything that this Nicole chick said to play for authorities. I don't think two wrongs make a right so I'll settle for writing about this instead.
After Dallas's uncle said no to handing over the $130, Dallas started crying even harder, I could hear him get closer to Brandon and then he gave him a hug and Dallas said thanks for helping me out and Brandon's like- what?? lol Then Dallas says can we get the money tonight and Brandon told him he can't, he doesn't have the money.
 
 
Nicole called back And was very disappointed that Dallas didn't get the money from his uncle when he told her and then he handed the phone back to Brandon and Nicole started asking Brenna to lie again and say he needs money for food and to call his care provider, she called it foster mother because Dallas was calling it foster mother but it's his care provider. Dallas was swearing up a storm this entire time and saying that he loves Nicole and she's his soul mate and Nicole told Brandon to warn Dallas about all his swearing, saying he's not going to be allowed around her daughter if he swears, And Brandon drunkenly tried to tell Dallas that he needs to stop swearing because of Nichol's daughter but it came out all wrong and I couldn't stop laughing. So Brandon hands the phone back to Dallas and Nicole keeps telling him that he needs to get this money And Dallas keeps telling Nicole that he's madly in love with her and wants to be with her And she keeps saying you need to get me a $130. Brandon kept talking out loud, so I don't understand how Dallas didn't hear this, but Brandon kept asking me if Nicole loves Dallas why doesn't she say it back. lol 
 
I obviously think something is seriously wrong here. Why wouldn't this Nicole ask Brandon tell people the truth and ask the landlord to provide some paperwork to show people that they needed extra money,  I've already told Brandon that Dallas sent $1780 down to this girl in Georgia. I understand that Brandon is an adult and he can do what he wants with his money but I really feel like people need to look out for him because he's a really nice guy and he can be talked into doing almost anything. I don't think asking Brandon to lie or encouraging him to loan or give people money is a good idea. 



12-25-2025
Dallas went to his family for Christmas and ended up calling me because they got into an argument. Dallas wanted to talk about his problems and his family literally told him that it's the holidays and they want to talk about positive stuff, Dallas hardly ever sees these people and he needs their help and he tries to explain his problems to them but no one wants to listen, and I know it's not their fault and they don't know how to help him, but I think people need to put in more effort.  
 
 Dallas Heard from Nicole, she found another apartment and needs $700. Christmas miracle? It would be nice if more people paid attention and helped out. apparently landlords on Georgia are dirt-bags? lol 
 
 
 
 
12-31-2025
 
 Dallas hung out with Brandon on New Year's Eve until around 9:00, Dallas's mom wouldn't let Brandon sleep over this time. lol I don't blame her, those two can be a handful. lol Dallas also sent another $700 to Nicole by cashapp.
 
 
 
1-5-2026
Dallas said Nicole is sick, so he sent her another $30 for some stomach medication.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1-8-2026
Dallas grand father on mothers side used to be professional bowler 
 
 
 1-14-2026
Dallas is starting to suspect that Nicole isn't telling the truth. lol
This entire situation is maddening and it's annoying just sitting by and watching it unfold.
 
 
 1-29-2026
Dallas brought up wanting to listen to loud music and got into an argument with his mm about it. Then we started talking how there's no place for people in Dallas or Brandon's situation to go listen to loud music, except the mental hospital. lol Why would the state make things like this "only" available if you're willing to sacrifice your freedom. There are no community centers for disabled people to socialize, there are no places actively helping them learn new skills, but organizations are getting paid to provide services, so we need to figure out where the money is going and why Dallas and Brandon have left to hang around alone so much.
 
 
 
 2-7-2026
Dallas called and mentioned his back really bothering him and how his insurance won't pay for any more chiropractor visits and how it's stressing him out being in pain all the time. he said the visits helped and his back has been bothering him since being assaulted.
I don't know what the issues it. I never had trouble going to Chiro, I'm on disability in Massachusetts and we should both have access to the same care. 
 
 
 
 
 
 2-9-2026


I finally helped Dallas start his own blogger and I'm just going to help his write his own stories and hopefully other people will help him write too.  can't wait to show Brandon how this works and get him his own page.

Dallas's first page

https://dallasvsthemachine.blogspot.com/2026/02/my-first-story.html?sc=1770658346036#c3177422552305227166

 I'm so proud of him, this is awesome. I'd write more, but I'm in a meeting helping someone and they're making a blogger, so I used this as part of the example.  I'll write more when I'm writing with Dallas.
 
 2026-2-16
Dallas started writing again today. I was super excited and encouraged him to write more when he said he was feeling stuck. I'd write more but much shoulders are killing me, since lazy ass AI don't help. 

 
 


January 23rd 2026 my friend Thomas Musto connected me with a girl he Knew named Madeline Quintal she lives

group home in Norwood. 



Madeline is originally from Sharon.



 She needs supervision for dates because she used to get involved with bad guys that would take advantage of her. 



Madeline and I talked having a future together and getting married.





 Madeline has ADHD and Bid-disorder along with OCD.



She works out everyday yet people pick on her and say she's fat when she's not.



They  constantly talk behind her back which pisses her off. We talk every day and night on the phone



Madeline said she's gonna go for modeling.



Madeline is sweet kind loving and caring. she said she would help me to get back in shape also to quit cigarettes.





















2026-2-18



Dallas had an incident last night, the police were called and he was sent to the Hospital. He did call me last night and I should have recorded it, but I wasn't thinking and just worried about helping him. 

I did record what led up to the incident, so I placed that on Youtube, here's a link. https://youtu.be/9STzkinOxI0















Also here is the transcripts from the audio, I haven't cleaned it up. it's more for AI, maybe one day I'll fix it. lol





Feb 17, 2026

Dallas F - Transcript

00:00:00

 

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas, did you get my Google Meet alert? Did you get my Google Meet alert? Take it off. Can you go to your your Why is this not this working? Oh, here we go. I'm gonna send you a message on Facebook. What the f***? My god. All right, you should get that. Well, I just sent it to you on Facebook Messenger. All right, I'll see you on Google Meet, dude.

Dallas Flaherty: I'm gonna f****** kill her, Ricky. I'm gonna f****** kill her.

Ricky Stebbins: I know you're upset, dude,

Dallas Flaherty: You know what? You know what,

Ricky Stebbins: but

Dallas Flaherty: Ricky? While you're on here, you talk to her cuz I'm not I'm not f****** doing this anymore. You got to talk to this c***.

Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, but there's nothing to talk about.

Dallas Flaherty: Just talk to her.

Ricky Stebbins: There's

Dallas Flaherty: Don't do it. I can't Here. Ricky wants to talk to you. No, he doesn't.

 

 

00:01:50

 

Terry Flaherty: No, he doesn't talk to him. He doesn't. Yeah, he does. You're making them. No.

Ricky Stebbins: Hello.

Terry Flaherty: Hello.

Ricky Stebbins: How are you doing tonight?

Terry Flaherty: Not great.

Ricky Stebbins: H sorry about this.

Terry Flaherty: Not great. So, how are you?

Ricky Stebbins: I'm actually doing really good.

Terry Flaherty: That's good.

Ricky Stebbins: All this AI stuff is actually working out better than I thought it was.

Terry Flaherty: My god, somebody's doing good.

Ricky Stebbins: I'm uh filing a lot of complaints.

Terry Flaherty: Foul one against this jerk, will you?

Ricky Stebbins: It's not his fault.

Terry Flaherty: Yes, it is. Don't give me that b*******. It is his fault.

Ricky Stebbins: I

Terry Flaherty: He has control over the things that come out of his mouth. And he needs to be respectful. He can't be calling me every name in the book, breaking my bedroom door. He just kicked it more and totally broke it. Now it's totally broken. He's kicked it in I don't know how many times.

 

 

00:02:46

 

Terry Flaherty: This time is the last time he totally broke my bedroom door.

Ricky Stebbins: And I understand that,

Terry Flaherty: He breaks all my s***.

Ricky Stebbins: but that's not I know

Terry Flaherty: He's an a******. And it is his call because he can control it when he wants to.

Ricky Stebbins: he

Terry Flaherty: He doesn't want to right now. Every time he gets a girlfriend, he turns into an a****** to me.

Ricky Stebbins: and his therapists are aware of this.

Terry Flaherty: I don't want to hear. It's not his fault.

Ricky Stebbins: The doctors are aware of this.

Terry Flaherty: Cuz it is his fault.

Ricky Stebbins: A cove was aware of this.

Terry Flaherty: It is his fault.

Ricky Stebbins: DDS is aware of this. and they've done nothing to help.

Terry Flaherty: Well, that doesn't mean it's not his fault. He can control it when he wants to.

Ricky Stebbins: Alice is Alice is on disability and whether he that's

Terry Flaherty: Dallas can control it when he wants to.

Ricky Stebbins: on and if I

Terry Flaherty: He chooses to take it on

 

 

00:03:32

 

Ricky Stebbins: if I cho and if you said that in a court of law,

Terry Flaherty: me.

Ricky Stebbins: you would get in trouble for that because he's on disability and you right now are attacking somebody who's on

Terry Flaherty: I don't I'm not attacking him.

Ricky Stebbins: disability. You are attacking him. Yes,

Terry Flaherty: He's attacking me.

Ricky Stebbins: you are. You are you're blaming him and you don't even know what his problem is and you're just accusing him and saying it's his

Terry Flaherty: I know what his problem is.

Ricky Stebbins: fault.

Terry Flaherty: He's rude and he's disrespectful. That's his problem because that's just the way

Ricky Stebbins: Why is he rude and why is he

Terry Flaherty: he is.

Ricky Stebbins: disrespectful?

Terry Flaherty: That's how his father is. That's how he is. Dallas is a narcissist. Dallas is selfish. Dallas has a mean streak a mile long. He could be the sweetest, kindest guy and then he'll turn on you in a heartbeat the minute he hears the word no. He's a child.

 

 

00:04:26

 

Terry Flaherty: And that's all I have to say about it. Cuz I don't want to hear you saying it's not his fault. It's his fault. He can control it when he chooses to.

Ricky Stebbins: I understand Dallas's behavior very well.

Dallas Flaherty: I'm an a******, but look at the door. I don't give a f***. I'm the a******. f*** you.

Ricky Stebbins: B, stop yelling at your mom, please.

Dallas Flaherty: I want to kill her. That's what I want to

Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry you feel this way,

Dallas Flaherty: do.

Ricky Stebbins: but I understand why you feel the way you do.

Dallas Flaherty: So,

Ricky Stebbins: And what do you mean,

Dallas Flaherty: what did you tell her?

Ricky Stebbins: what did I tell her? I didn't tell her anything.

Dallas Flaherty: You told me you said you weren't you were going to make it so she couldn't see her f****** niece or her f****** granddaughter again. That's what you told me.

Ricky Stebbins: I didn't tell your mother that,

Dallas Flaherty: And you lied. You

 

 

00:05:21

 

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas.

Dallas Flaherty: lied.

Ricky Stebbins: I said, "What? If I want to be a jerk,

Dallas Flaherty: I didn't

Ricky Stebbins: I can call social services and report your mother and be a jerk and she won't be

Dallas Flaherty: report.

Ricky Stebbins: able to see your granddaughter,

Dallas Flaherty: That's what I want you to do. I want you to report this f****** b****.

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas." And then what?

Dallas Flaherty: Just do it, Ricky.

Ricky Stebbins: And then I'm gonna fight for her and I'm gonna fight for you,

Dallas Flaherty: For my sake.

Ricky Stebbins: too.

Dallas Flaherty: I don't want you fighting for this c***. Just fight for

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas,

Dallas Flaherty: me.

Ricky Stebbins: I love you, man. Why am I fighting for you? And why would I fight for your mom, too? I love you and I'm on your side,

Dallas Flaherty: What did she say to you?

Ricky Stebbins: so why?

Dallas Flaherty: What did she say to you? Tell me what she said cuz she's full of s***.

Ricky Stebbins: She said what I thought she was going to say, that you could control yourself and that you're only a jerk when you have a girlfriend and you only get upset when you hear

 

 

00:06:10

 

Dallas Flaherty: That b*******.

Ricky Stebbins: no.

Dallas Flaherty: That b*******.

Ricky Stebbins: The problem is what happens when somebody tells you no,

Dallas Flaherty: Why?

Ricky Stebbins: no, no, no, and then you get mad. Why do you get mad?

Dallas Flaherty: Cuz everybody keeps telling me f******

Ricky Stebbins: That's not why you get mad.

Dallas Flaherty: no.

Ricky Stebbins: That's not why you get mad. Because you don't get mad at me when I tell you no. Why do you get mad? because you don't get mad at me. What do other people do that I don't do? These people ignore you. They just say no and they walk away. If I tell you no, Dallas, I can't do something. No, it's not possible. We talk about it. I explain it to you and then we talk about it. And even if you get mad, then we get over it, right? Because we talk about it.

Dallas Flaherty: Well,

Ricky Stebbins: I don't ignore you,

Dallas Flaherty: I want to take I want you to get me a lawyer because I'm going to take my mother to court and f******

 

 

00:06:58

 

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas.

Dallas Flaherty: sore.

Ricky Stebbins: Your mother is only part of the problem and she needs help, too.

Dallas Flaherty: Well, she's not going to get it for being a f****** a****** towards me.

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas,

Dallas Flaherty: f******

Ricky Stebbins: but you you but you guys are both assholes towards each other,

Dallas Flaherty: c***.

Ricky Stebbins: so it's you know how you're both jerks. Not all the time. You know the funny thing? You know what I wanted to say to her? When she was talking about you, she was describing herself. Oh, Dallas is a jerk, but sometimes he can be really sweet. You know,

Dallas Flaherty: No.

Ricky Stebbins: sometimes I'm a jerk and sometimes I'm really sweet.

Dallas Flaherty: No.

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas, what are you doing? Let's go.

Dallas Flaherty: f****** smash her face.

Ricky Stebbins: No, Dallas. No. That's not how we handle things.

Dallas Flaherty: I'll f****** kill

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas. Buddy,

Dallas Flaherty: you.

Ricky Stebbins: what am I doing here?

Dallas Flaherty: I have no life because of her.

 

 

00:08:18

 

Dallas Flaherty: No f****** decent girlfriend because of her.

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas,

Dallas Flaherty: She's going to ruin all my relationships and s***.

Ricky Stebbins: she is not the cause of your problems. She's not the source of your problems. I wish she was, but she's not.

Dallas Flaherty: Well, she is.

Ricky Stebbins: She's another victim in this

Dallas Flaherty: I don't give a s***

Ricky Stebbins: situation.

Dallas Flaherty: if she's the victim. All right. I'm the f****** victim. She's not the

Ricky Stebbins: I'm a victim, too.

Dallas Flaherty: victim.

Ricky Stebbins: And you don't hear me crying and bitching like, "Oh, Dallas, I'm going to beat Dallas's ass because my day sucked." I like your goatee there, man.

Dallas Flaherty: I'm gonna go to Alabar and kill my sister.

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas, you're mad.

Dallas Flaherty: Tear her f****** head

Ricky Stebbins: You know, the worst part about all this is your mother doesn't even understand why you're mad.

Dallas Flaherty: off.

Ricky Stebbins: Your sister doesn't understand why you're mad at them.

Dallas Flaherty: Well,

Ricky Stebbins: But I understand.

Dallas Flaherty: couldn't you have just explained it to my mother why the f*** I'm pissed off?

 

 

00:09:11

 

Ricky Stebbins: Why couldn't I explain it to your mother? Come on. You know,

Dallas Flaherty: And you didn't,

Ricky Stebbins: come on.

Dallas Flaherty: Dude, stop with the B.

Ricky Stebbins: Why? Why couldn't I'm gonna tell you.

Dallas Flaherty: Stop with the No, listen to me. Listen to me.

Ricky Stebbins: Let me tell you.

Dallas Flaherty: Shut up a minute. Shut up a minute. Let me talk.

Ricky Stebbins: Okay.

Dallas Flaherty: You told me you had a plan. You were going to make it so she couldn't see her f****** granddaughter anymore. What happened to that f****** plan? You didn't tell her that. You lied to me.

Ricky Stebbins: No, I said I could. I didn't say I want to do that.

Dallas Flaherty: So that's another reason why I'm pissed at you.

Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to do that. I said I could.

Dallas Flaherty: You lied.

Ricky Stebbins: You want? I don't want to do that. Why would I want to do that? I mean, the only reason I would want to do that is so I can get the system involved.

 

 

00:09:46

 

Dallas Flaherty: You lied to me. You lied to me,

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas Why don't you call?

Dallas Flaherty: Ricky. You lied to

Ricky Stebbins: You could do the same thing. You could just call social services and be like, "Gosh, he's abusing me.

Dallas Flaherty: me.

Ricky Stebbins: That's it. You could call when I You know, the problem with all this, Dallas, is I'm not lying to you. If we're going to do this, you want to call and complain something, we have to call together because you're a part of this. You're the one being abused. You have to speak for yourself because I don't want to speak on your behalf. I don't want to put words in your mouth. You know, I'm not your boss. But Dallas, sit here for a second. Why didn't I say anything to your mother? Why didn't I get to talk to your mother?

Dallas Flaherty: And I told you to cuz I can't deal with

Ricky Stebbins: No. No. She wouldn't listen. She would not let she wouldn't let me explain.

 

 

00:10:33

 

Dallas Flaherty: s***.

Ricky Stebbins: The same with you. She doesn't let you explain. She just wanted to say what she had to say and then she was done.

Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,

Ricky Stebbins: I would have told her I would talk to her,

Dallas Flaherty: she's a

Ricky Stebbins: but she's not listening. So, what's the point? If someone's not going to listen, why would I talk and keep trying to

Dallas Flaherty: So, do me a favor.

Ricky Stebbins: talk?

Dallas Flaherty: Just do me a favor. I know you're going to say, "Oh, no. We got to do this later on." I'm tired of putting it on the back f******

Ricky Stebbins: No.

Dallas Flaherty: burner. No, listen.

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas.

Dallas Flaherty: Listen. Shut up and listen. I'm tired of putting this on the back burner. Hurry up.

Ricky Stebbins: No.

Dallas Flaherty: I need help finding my own place to

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas, what are we doing right now?

Dallas Flaherty: live.

Ricky Stebbins: right now. What is this?

Dallas Flaherty: Jesus Christ, Ricky.

Ricky Stebbins: Dallas, we're recording this.

 

 

00:11:19

 

Ricky Stebbins: Any problems you have, you can play this for your mother. Like, hey, you got a problem, Mom? Watch this and listen. We don't have to yell, Dallas. And then you can hit rewind.

Dallas Flaherty: There's

Ricky Stebbins: You know what, Mom? Listen to this again. I'm going to hit rewind. Oh. Oh, did you hear what you just said? When your mother hears what she said about you, it's going to be hilarious. Dallas, that's not how you talk about people.

Dallas Flaherty: my

Ricky Stebbins: It sounds horrible and it's funny. That's the kind of stuff I say to people's face and not disabled people's faces. Dallas, I know you're upset and it's all right. Oh no, that was terrible. He should have left this on because the police came. f****** garbage. You know what? Since it's still recording Gemini, if anything does happen to Dallas and he gets in trouble, I'm going to use what his mother said against her. It's not funny. And people shouldn't talk about disabled people like that. Oh, it's Dallas's fault. It's Dallas's fault. Well, who's helping him? Nobody. He has to help him f*** himself. That's absolutely f****** pathetic. Gemini leaving him to help himself.

 

 

Transcription ended after 00:13:12



This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.






















2026-2-19





Dallas hospital transcripts







Ricky:

All right. Hold on. What's going on? 



Dallas:

I'm across the street 



Ricky:

You're 



Dallas:

from the, the Boston Medical South. 



Ricky:

Yeah, 



Dallas:

Like 10 minutes away from there. 



Ricky:

but what are you doing? 



Dallas:

Nothing they got a bed for me and everything but giving me meds and shit. I need to get out of here. I need your help 



Ricky:

Yes, but what are they doing? 



Dallas:

because my mother won't fucking help me. 





Ricky:

Yes, 



Dallas:

They're saying that it was a they they had me sign up. They had me sign a 3 day thing. So I'm probably not gonna get out of here but but the doctor's coming up up on the floor at like 9 o'clock so I'll talk to him see if I can get out of here because I'm not in the mood stay here. 





Ricky:

but we can find a complaint against your mother. If she's not gonna help. 







Ricky:

Dallas. I know you're not in the mood to stay there and I needed to man up right now. Right now. Because 



Dallas:

What are you talking about man up Ricky Jesus 



Ricky:

you can get mad. 



Dallas:

Christ. 



Ricky:

Dallas:

are you? 



Dallas:

what ?





Ricky:

You can get mad, but it gets you in trouble, right? You get mad and it gets you in trouble. What are you going to say right now? Because I'm going to tell you what to say right now because we're being recorded and you can play this for your doctor. Because this is the 1st time in history. You can say something like this, doc, to your doctor. Are you ready, Dallas? 



Dallas:

Yeah. 



Ricky:

When your doctor talks to you, like, you're going to call my friend Ricky, my advocate, and we are going to talk on the phone with him together at the same time. I'm not asking anything. Tell them that, Dallas. You're your own guardian. You're your own advocate. You want me to advocate for you as well. They're not helping you, not they're not giving you any answers. They're holding you here against your will after they torture you and they play all these mind games on you. And when the doctor says, oh, it's not my fault. And then you can say, well, really, then why do I have these problems, doctor, and why aren't you helping me solve them? Why are you trying to drug me and get me to forget my problems? Dallas, this is the time that you can put the doctor in their place. 



Dallas:

Yeah, oh Ricky, I don't know how to do that. I'm the only one here. 



Ricky:

Dallas, we're on the phone. 



Dallas:

I don't have a group of friends like I did before. 





Ricky:

Dallas, 



Dallas:



Ricky:

we're on the phone right now. And if they don't do as you ask, respectfully ask nicely, then I'm going to call the lawyer. Then I'm going to call the cops and I'm going to tell them what the fuck is going on because I'm not fucking around Dallas. Why am I swearing right now? What I'm talking about calling cops and saying, hey, police officers, you stupid pieces of fucking shit. Do your fucking job now. This call is being recorded, you stupid fucking officers. I know you're not doing your fucking jobs. I'm going to report this. And this is. You know, you know what's illegal. You know what they're doing to disable people in these hospitals and other innocent victims. I'm 



Dallas:

Yeah 





Ricky:

not going to stand by. Just let it fucking happen, Dallas. But I don't want you getting in trouble. Right.



Dallas:

well. Ricky. I need you to get me out of here 



Ricky:

 I will.  



Dallas:

ASAP. 



Ricky:

Well, you sign the paper so that you're stuck for 3 days. 



Dallas:

Yeah, and I'm not supposed to be here. I'm supposed to be with my girlfriend going somewhere. 



Ricky:

I thought you were supposed to be on a date Saturday, right? 



Dallas:

Yeah, and I need to get the fuck out of here. that's why I need your help. 



Ricky:

All right. Oh, God. Man. 



Dallas:

I can't do this anymore Ricky. I want to get out of here. I don't care if I have to just, I'll walk out. I don't care. 



Ricky:

But you can't, that's a problem. They're not going to let you walk out.



Dallas:

Oh 



Ricky:

 I wish they would.



Dallas:



yeah? Watch me. 



Ricky:

 Do you know your mom's phone number? So I can send her a message. 





Dallas:

Yeah? Why? 



Ricky:



Dallas:

Send her a message about what? She wants me in this fucking shit hole. 



Ricky:

Yeah, but what? 



Dallas:

That's not... 





Ricky:

Why do I want to send her a message, Dallas? 



Dallas:

All right. I'll give you the number 



Ricky:

. 



Dallas:

781815*****

Ricky:

All right. I'll send her a message after this, but I won't. What's you're doing is hurting down this? She can ignore it. But then I can report her for this. But it's not funny. It doesn't matter how old she is. It doesn't matter if she's also a victim. It matters. 



Dallas:

I don't give a fuck if my mother's a victim neither. I don't care. She fucked up by putting me in a place like this. 



Ricky:

Yes, but she uses it as a weapon. Instead of helping you, all right, you better stop it or you're going to the hospital. 



Dallas:

All right, oh, I'm gonna go see if I can talk to the doctor. I'll call you back. 



Ricky:

Tell the doctor to call me while they're talking to you, but, oh, we're going to call and we're going to record it. 





Dallas:

have, I don't know, dude. It's the fucking phone out in the fucking hallway. 

I can't 





Ricky:

Dallas, your doctor has a phone on them. And when they refuse to help you, 







Dallas:

Yeah, all right. I'll call you back. 





Ricky:

when they refuse to help you, it's evidence. 





Dallas:

I'll call you back then. 











Was this transcription useful or not useful?























2:40 pm call transcript





Ricky:

All right, dude. How you doing? 



Dallas:

I talked to my mother. She's going to see about trying to get me out of here today. 



Ricky:

Dude, if your mother stays on our side and realizes that she's a victim too, we're gonna hammer the system. I told you I wasn't joking. 



Dallas:

Yeah, but did you, did you hear me though? She was going to try to get me out of here. She's gonna she's gonna be on her way soon. 



Ricky:

Yes, because I talked, I talked to her. I wrote her. Did she tell you? 



Dallas:

No, she didn't tell me that part. 



Ricky:

I don't think she was happy with me at first, but I wrote her. Dude, I told you I wasn't going to just leave you. Stranded. Dude, 



Dallas:

Yeah.



Ricky:

I care. 



Dallas:

 I 

Ricky:

It's appreciate you, Ricky. I really do man. 

I know it's not easy, and I know what you're going through is unbearable, and I'm trying, but we just got to hold on as hard as we can. You know? Your 



Dallas:

Yeah. 



Ricky:

Your mom told me about the knife thing. I didn't know about that. That's terrible. 



Dallas:

But what? 



Ricky:

You scared her with a knife. 



Dallas:

Yeah. Well, that it was, it was covered up, dude. I didn't. 



Ricky:

I don't know, I know, but still, we shouldn't be scaring people, and I know you, get overwhelmed. But, you know, your mom gets scared too. We have to worry about her safety and your safety. And why you're not receiving the services you're supposed to receive and why a 70 year old lady is left to deal with, you know, her disabled son on her own. When 



Dallas:

Yeah. 



Ricky:

other people are getting paid. Very generously. But I'm glad you're feeling better, dude. I'm happy your mom called. 



Dallas:

Yeah, well hopefully she can get me out of here tonight, because I'm tired of being here, 



Ricky:

Yes. 



Dallas:

and there's no therapy sessions here at all, dude. There's nothing like that. 



Ricky:

That's not good. 



Dallas:

So I don't know what people are talking about here. Oh, therapy session. No, fuck that. There's none of that in here. 



Ricky:

You, you need to socialize. 



Dallas:

Space. 



Ricky:

No, 



Dallas:

Socialize? How, dude, there's like hardly 



Ricky:

but they know that.



Dallas:

any. 



Ricky:

 You need to socialize and they know that and they're not providing you with the care you need. You're upset because you're sitting at home alone all the time doing nothing and you're pacing around the house like an idiot. And then they stick you in a hospital when you can't take it anymore. And then force you to walk the halls like an idiot. doing absolutely nothing except now you don't have a cell phone to play with. 



Dallas:

Oh, I didn't have a cellphone to mess around with, and uh, 



Ricky:

No, 



Dallas:

West Far East. 



Ricky:

I mean, when you're home, you can play around in your cell phone, but you're still trapped. They're not helping you. The system isn't solving the problem. And we're going to expose this. Thankfully, your mother wrote me back some really good stuff, Dallas. She said it. She's overwhelmed. She wants help. So. And oh, Dallas, I called Christine. I talked to her for a minute. She hung up on me. 



Dallas:

Oh, Christine. 



Ricky:

Yes, your DDS worker. There's 



Dallas:

She's not from DDS. She's actually from Bay Cove



Ricky:

your Bay Cove? then who's your DDS worker? 



Dallas:

I have no, I have no fucking idea dude. 



Ricky:

Well, she didn't explain that. 

This is great. Oh, she's from Bay Cove, we can get rid of Bay Cove. And she should have explained that on the phone and she didn't, which is. That's fine. I don't want to deal with her anyway. 



Dallas:

Yeah, me neither. Why do you think I'm trying to get rid of a number of my phone? 



Ricky:

Yes, I hear you. Well, 



Dallas:

I'll probably just block her anyway. Oh, there 



Ricky:

Mm-hmm. 



Dallas:

it is. Hang on, Ricky. call you back. 

All right hang on. 



Ricky:

Okay. 







Was this transcription useful or not useful?





2026-03-19



Dallas told me the second day program he was signed up for doesn't take his insurance. It's maddening try to get disabled people help in Massachusetts, every organization involved just ignores people, they all act stupid and confused. 



Dallas and his mother have informed multiple organizations that they wanted me to advocate for them. I've made a bunch of google meet videos with him and Brandon, I've also noticed how much harder it is to help anyone with AI's help, AI is a piece of fucking shit, it doesn't help my friends at all. 







2026-03-23

Dallas got a call that his dad's in the hospital and he sounded worried for him, it's funny to hear how he talks about his dad and to actually listen to what he says. You ca n tell Dallas and his dad have issues, but Dallas still loves his dad and wishes they had a better relationship. 

