Stupid cunt fucks at YouTube ruined my fucking description, you pathetic fucking bastards, you retarded pieces of fucking shit, I know you're fucking with me on purpose you dirty fucking bitches, I wanna talk about it now, you stupid cunt fucks .

You pathetic fucking bastards think it's OK to treat disabled people like fucking trash and allow the system to fuck them over at every turn and then you delete descriptions and try to fuck up people's attempt to expose the system. Companies like YouTube, Google, Microsoft, HP and all these other fucked up bastards are guilty of crimes against humanity and I'm going to prove it and I don't give a fuck how many times you delete my descriptions, you stupid cunt fucks. This time I'm going to copy it and paste it somewhere else, so when you fuck with me again, I'll just replace it again, you fucking bastards.

I don't think it's fucking funny that the system has fucked with a 70 year old woman and her disabled son, then left them to duke it out with each other in a shitty fucking apartment. I know the stupid fucks at the hospital that Dallas is at right now aren't going to treat any of the causes of his trauma or PTSD, these stupid cunt fucks are going to try to drug him and get him to ignore his problems instead of asking the question, why the fuck is this happening in the first place?

I feel like this is going to be a teachable moment for people in the United States, to see how the system taught our family members to blame us for being upset about the way our elected officials and those we trust with our safety treats us. And by us I mean disabled people, people of color, veterans, and other marginalized groups, that our elected officials don't give a fuck about and shit all over. I'm tired of keeping my fucking mouth shut, I'm sick of people telling me that they don't want to hear my bullshit, when they're the fucking idiots who are wrong. Fuck this, I'm ready to debate all you big mouth bitches publicly and I'm tired of other people's baseless opinions and fucking bullshit. 

You can't blame and drug disabled people for their behavior, when you know they're being denied services, then fail to investigate why this keep happening. Squeaky wheel gets the Fucking grease.

AI can read the transcripts on this page I created for Dallas.
https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2025/10/dallas-f.html

Dallas's also going to start writing his own page. 
https://dallasvsthemachine.blogspot.com/

read more about my work with AI here
Rickystebbins78.blogspot.com


Start your own page with these free instructions. 
memory-ark.blogspot,com