Apr 1, 2026
Dallas F - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: I heard a beast.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Getting anxiety there for a
Ricky Stebbins: All righty.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: minute, bro.
Ricky Stebbins: From smoking.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I smoked a few
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you were going to quit.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: hits.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you were like, you know what? I can't smoke anymore. I'm going to turn into a sissy man.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm going to quit smoking a while.
Ricky Stebbins: Quit.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: After after this weed's gone, I'm going to quit. Take a
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't smoke Monday, Tuesday.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: break.
Ricky Stebbins: What's today? Wednesday. Yeah, you got to hit that uh screen share when you're ready. We don't have to rush, but Oh,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I didn't take my anxiety medication yet tonight.
Ricky Stebbins: take your time, man. We're in no rush. I'm not doing nothing important. I was going to write,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It does, but it's not like extended release,
Ricky Stebbins: but uh well,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: which I need.
 
 
00:01:34
 
Ricky Stebbins: it's better to have it like right away, isn't
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh s***,
Ricky Stebbins: it?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: there's two deer out in the yard. Cool,
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: bro.
Ricky Stebbins: You lucky bastard.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Look. Look.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, that's gorgeous, dude.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: too.
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome. What an awesome night.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Did
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't seen deer. Yes, I did. That was really good. Your camera was really nice.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you
Ricky Stebbins: It says beer. Yeah, I haven't seen deer in a while. But I love seeing deer. I love seeing all kinds of wildlife. There were some geese in the parking lot at Walmart and I kind of wanted to walk over to them but I had Harley so I left him alone. Oh my gosh. Every like every chance I get when there's baby geese around I run them down. I pick them up. I take a picture and then I let them go.
 
 
00:02:29
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You got to watch out for the wings though. The wings are very
Ricky Stebbins: No, they don't. They they don't do anything.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: strong.
Ricky Stebbins: Even the parent keys, they'll come up, they'll squawk. I'll hold the babies, take a picture, and I put them down. And there's no there's no craziness. It's there's no predators around for geese anymore. So they're not as scared. So when I run them down, they're usually because they don't want people picking them up. But once I pick them up, they don't care. I don't hurt them. And they don't try to hurt me. And they don't they don't panic. Their parents don't panic. But they all come walking over like, "What is this weirdo doing? Even when there's bunnies in the yard, I take live traps. I'll catch the the bunnies. I'll grab them. I'll let my dog sniff them and then I let the bunnies go. And I missed the baby possum once.
 
 
00:03:24
 
Ricky Stebbins: I wasn't home. I would have loved to see a a baby possum. I've seen a baby uh porcupine. Oh my gosh, it was like so tiny.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: really.
Ricky Stebbins: It was smaller than my head. It was the cutest little thing you've ever seen. Baby animals, man. Oh my gosh, they're so adorable. I wish I worked at like some wildlife sanctuary or like an orphanage slash wildlife sanctuary so I can hang around with kids and animals. and disabled people. We could make a a commune. Then you you could help me work. We could work with the animals and we could help teach the kids.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: drank it tonight.
Ricky Stebbins: You're drinking tonight.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No, I put some nips away that I bought that were in a bag. I put them in the cabinet. I'm not drinking tonight.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm going to take my uh anxiety medication
Ricky Stebbins: Does that react with your anxiety medication, alcohol?
 
 
00:04:47
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: probably,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if you've ever taken it if it made you more tired or if it gave you more anxiety
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: but
Ricky Stebbins: because you said certain types of weed give you anxiety. So,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Sativa gives me
Ricky Stebbins: but it's good to be aware of stuff like that cuz a lot of people aren't aware that that even happens.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: anxiety.
Ricky Stebbins: They just like, "Oh my gosh, I feel like crap." And they don't know what caused it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh s***, that takes a while to kick in.
Ricky Stebbins: How long does it take for your anxiety medication to kick in?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I don't know, maybe like 20 minutes, half an hour.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not too bad.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Feel it right away.
Ricky Stebbins: At least it works. None of that medication ever worked for
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah. Well, when I take the melatonin,
Ricky Stebbins: me.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: when I sleep, that takes about 5 to 10 minutes and I'm out like a light.
 
 
00:06:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: Wow. It never worked for me either. When my anxiety was through the roof from my hyperyroidism, like my chemical imbalance wasn't affected by that medication. In fact, it made it worse. Oh man, it would drive me
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: really.
Ricky Stebbins: nuts.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: All right, let's see. Um
Ricky Stebbins: And this is what's dumb. Like all these AI can hear us. You we should be able to say, "Gemini, turn on the screen share." And it
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: works.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: All right. Uh, where is it? Oh, I don't know where it
Ricky Stebbins: your
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: is.
Ricky Stebbins: email.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Ricky, what am I
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. I'm just sitting here for a minute like staring at this.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: doing?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know why this one's not the biggest screen on here. Piece of crap. All right. Can I shrink mine? All right. Enter your registration
 
 
00:08:07
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I can't even click on
Ricky Stebbins: information.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: it.
Ricky Stebbins: You can't click on any of that screen there.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No.
Ricky Stebbins: What is that's a looks like a picture.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. It's a picture.
Ricky Stebbins: Is there a Wait.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: She
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, but click back on that again.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: said
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Uh, what was that other email you just had open from the Was it another one from her? All right. Yes. What is that? To view that, scroll down a little.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: it's
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Click your Click to create your account and read your message. Click that blue thing right there. Yeah. Sign in with Google. You should be able or do you have to see? So, could you click on that little uh that little paper clip there in the middle of the screen above good afternoon that 2 megabyte 2.4 4 megabytes.
 
 
00:09:38
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Download again.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It's
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Go to
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: details. Why did it not go to details?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Good
Ricky Stebbins: That's weird. Where?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: morning.
Ricky Stebbins: Click on the download again, I guess, because record. It'll just it'll just save it. Or I wonder if you could forward that to me. Hit cancel. Can you forward that to me? The the little the arrow at the top right there, the funky curved arrow next to the trash. Yeah. Uh, no, not reply. It's not saying forward. Huh? So, the the files are on your phone now. We just have to find them. Do you know where files are stored on your
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Good.
Ricky Stebbins: phone?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'll just
Ricky Stebbins: No, it won't be in workspace. That definitely won't be there. There should be a folder. Just a regular.
 
 
00:11:07
 
Ricky Stebbins: Let's see if I can see it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: bring you
Ricky Stebbins: Files right there. The second row.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: more.
Ricky Stebbins: The second one next to drive downloads. There you go. So there's your your uh DF record. That's go to downloads. The the name downloads and categories. Now if you hit the three buttons on the right, can you forward that to me? No,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: both of them.
Ricky Stebbins: just one of them. They're both the same. It's just a copy. It But only select one of the Go down to today. Don't lower. Go to the hit the select the one with the number one on it. The top one. Don't don't worry about the one.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, is that the top? Okay, perfect. Then Yeah. And then you can forward that to Ricky and then I'll see if the files
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: did.
Ricky Stebbins: correct.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You get
 
 
00:12:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, it's
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: it?
Ricky Stebbins: coming. Awesome, dude. All right. Now I got to send it to my phone.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Transportation passed by.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Thank you very much, dude. And I'm gonna I'm gonna go over this now, too.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Sorry it took so
Ricky Stebbins: It's how is it? It's not your fault at all.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: long.
Ricky Stebbins: I should have mailed you the paper like a week before I did and then I should have helped you. I should have I should have Dude, it's my fault. I'm not going to blame you if I'm not helping you do it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Ricky,
Ricky Stebbins: I told you everything we do, we do it together or I'm not or don't do it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: of course.
Ricky Stebbins: You know, teamwork makes a dream work. I'm not here to tell you to do this. Oh, do this Dallas by yourself. solve solve these problems by yourself. How?
 
 
00:13:44
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I don't have to worry about that anymore. That's a check off the
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And I I really appreciate
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: list.
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I don't know. Maybe in an hour I'll have a drink.
Ricky Stebbins: What happened? Not sure if we're going to have the drink.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Well, so I can celebrate that we got my um documents or whatever the records
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. That's what your mom up to tonight. Nothing.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: She's watching TV.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. What time is Brando boxing till 8?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I have no idea. I before I got on the phone with you, I saw you was on Facebook.
Ricky Stebbins: H I wonder if he went to boxing. Now I want to text him because you got me curious. I said he was online 19 minutes ago. You're right.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Well, things are getting hopefully now it will move a bit faster.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll have to You got a lot of records here.
 
 
00:16:04
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't I don't know if mine was this long. I haven't even finished copying the text yet. I got to copy it and dump it into an AI because I want to see what they say about this, but it's taking forever. Oh, are you watching some boxing?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm playing a
Ricky Stebbins: Ah,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: game.
Ricky Stebbins: about to say I hear the bell. Or it could have been some
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Trying to get better.
Ricky Stebbins: MMA.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So, how many files are there?
Ricky Stebbins: 207 pages.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You said you had 300 for yours.
Ricky Stebbins: Do I, you know, I've got I've got hundreds of pages. I've got so many different documents. I don't even know which one's which. I'll have to go into I can I can tell you how many pages after this, but I've got medical records from a bunch of different doctors. And I keep getting more. I got to I got more. I need a scan.
 
 
00:17:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: I just throw it on there because I don't care what anybody thinks. Dude, we need to take these doctors down. Oh, I go to school for years and then you're a moron. Oh man. And I'm coming for these foreign doctors licenses. A lot of foreign doctors are going to be leaving the country. These Indian doctors, I don't know what their problem is, but it's clear they hate white people and they hate Americans. They might even hate black people, too. But I know they hate white people.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: That's why I left my doctor. Fake ass m***********.
Ricky Stebbins: It's a problem. Like, dude, they want us to hate each other. They do this. They set us up into groups and then they turn us against each other. And I'm not doing that. The same thing with all this Jewish nonsense going on now. There's a lot of people posting videos, all these Jewish guys with no jobs, just sitting around studying all day long and they've got millions of dollars because their countries are doing all this horrible stuff.
 
 
00:18:52
 
Ricky Stebbins: But I'm like, well, that don't make any sense because these people are all stupid. Every time you talk to these people, they're practically f****** retarded. So, if that's the case, I'm not going to go after them. I'm not going after the stupidest people. I want to fight the baddest m************ on the planet. And it ain't no stupid people. So, then I got to change like, all right,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: now I'm going to step back. It's like, you know what? They're not the problem. Who's funding them? Huh? It's just like when disabled people get upset.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I know Dallas is not the problem, even though he's out there whooping ass, but what's the problem? Why is Dallas whooping f****** ass? Why does he feel like he needs to whoop ass in the first place? And then all of a sudden, it's like, oh, because there's something going on in the system, and it sure as hell ain't Dallas's fault.
 
 
00:19:53
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah, it's not my fault at
Ricky Stebbins: No. And it's funny because I think about that too when people like,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: all.
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh yeah, Dallas can control himself. Dallas is fine as long as he gets his way." Like what? You mean Dallas is fine as long as people are letting him know what's going on? And then then when you start lying to him and hiding information, then he gets upset. Oh, you know, I understand that, too. Look at this.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I might need some coffee.
Ricky Stebbins: I have Monster coffee. I got that at Yeah, I was a fat bastard and got myself a Monster energy coffee while I was at Walmart with Harley. Oh man, I love how like everybody lights up when they see her. People are like, "Oh, can I take her?" When I was walking home, people are offering me rides home. Everybody should have a dog. It brings everybody closer together. Or like you got your cat when you were sleeping the other night.
 
 
00:21:21
 
Ricky Stebbins: I was talking to Brandon and your cat was all over him.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh, that was
Ricky Stebbins: I was never good at any of these boxing games. There was a Rocky game for the Xbox One, I believe it was.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah, I played the Rocket game back on the PlayStation 2.
Ricky Stebbins: And
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: That's how I got into the boxing video games, playing
Ricky Stebbins: nice
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: that pages upon pages. pages.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I just So, I'm asking an AI to read about it now. So, I got I got your records.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: I transferred all the the text, but I have to I have to ask them the question. I got to feed it to them now.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: That's weird. Brandon's not online.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, he got off like 20 30 minutes ago or something.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No, I mean the
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, well, he Yeah, it was Facebook that I checked when you said that he wasn't on Facebook,
 
 
00:24:23
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: PlayStation
Ricky Stebbins: but he might have checked his phone while he was uh at boxing. Hopefully hopefully he went boxing.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Damn it. Oh man. f***. What's this? All right, Minnie. Oh, s***. I heard sirens. I started to get panicking and s*** like they were going to hold me up. I heard sirens like what the f*** is going on. Going to have onion bake tomorrow for breakfast. I do for you, dear. Is that That's her, right? Yes. Certain conditions are deemed unworthy for treatment. Diabetes is one of them. Weakness from the existing Nice. Oh, those aren't the only medical records we need. We need the other
Ricky Stebbins: We need to get your BMC records,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: ones.
Ricky Stebbins: but that's totally fine because this is slow. This is going to take a minute.
 
 
00:27:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: But uh I'm asking Claude and I'm there so many freaking pages of stuff to do. But I'm gonna ask Gemini as well. I should ask Grock. But how we can use this information because this these AI that I talk to know you better than your doctors do. And you know what that means, right? Or would you like me to tell you what it means?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: All right. Just tell me what it means.
Ricky Stebbins: It means that there's a serious problem. Why do my toasters know you better than your doctors do? Why do I know you better than your doctors do? We got him, Dallas. Why does a guy that lives an hour and a half away from you know more about your medical issues and how to help you than a medical professional? Oops. Cuz they're dirt bags. Absolute dirt bags. It's absolutely disgusting.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You're right.
Ricky Stebbins: Doesn't that drive you nuts? I don't even understand how the system got this bad.
 
 
00:28:23
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Anyone
Ricky Stebbins: and how people can just accept it. Like I'm not a kind of guy that just accepts stuff. I've got a terrible attitude when it comes to accepting things. You got a problem? Let's solve
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: need oranges?
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'll take two. My mom made these I'm not coming on Saturday.
Ricky Stebbins: So, aren't you singing along, man?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Don't tap me. found a way to f****** kill me yet, b****. f*** you. Found a way to kill me. This way seems every path leads me to nowhere only green with no sig. The bullet scream me from somewhere. Oh s***. You can hear the heroin in this Ricky. Here comes the rooers. Oh s***. Kick that mule, Ricky. Kick that mule. The soldiers
 
 
00:32:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas. Oh man. Dude, so I fed this stuff to Claude. Man, this shows that you were chemically and treated and discharged without addressing a single root cause. Bang. That's two for two. Oh, so I thought you said you went in for a conspiracy. Like this thing said you told the
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No spit. iracy theories that I've been listening to through like the Joe Rogan podcast and Alex
Ricky Stebbins: doctors.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Jones podcast and stuff and it was getting to be too
Ricky Stebbins: So this I don't I did not read your records.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: much
Ricky Stebbins: Claw just picked this up. I'm I'll read it later, but it said that the paperwork said you got upset because of your dad's or no your uncle's coin collection, your father withholding money. Do you remember saying that? I'm just I don't know.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I said Dallas came in after a family argument about his uncle's coin collection and his father withholding money.
 
 
00:33:41
 
Ricky Stebbins: And you know what? I kind of remember you talking about your father
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: no. It was there was a bunch of coins that my uncle Joe, who had passed away, he saved for me and a bunch of my cousins for us to split equally.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And I don't remember that being in the medical records, but I remember you telling me about that. I remember the story. You've told me about it at some
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So, but we haven't we haven't figured that out yet between all of us
Ricky Stebbins: point.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: because we don't we we're not talking right now.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I don't know what's going on, but it's we got to get together some at some point
Ricky Stebbins: I get it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: and deal with that.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. But it's just it's awesome that these AI I'm going to give them s*** till the for the rest of my f****** life. f*** this. They can get their pride helping other people.
 
 
00:34:37
 
Ricky Stebbins: Not me. But uh so we talk about you having psychological issues and stuff from the trauma, right?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: the the brain injury.
Ricky Stebbins: No. So PTSD is not from a brain injury. That's stress. PTSD is from trauma, from an event. But Claude picked up here that the way some of these medications have worked for you, if you get a better doctor, these so-called behavior issues you've had at times when you have these episodes might be partially neurological, not from psychiatric abuse, you know, so they're it's a different way to treat these issues and they talk s*** about you in your paperwork. They say you have poor insight and poor judgment. So, we're going to address that in a video after we post the stuff online at some point because this is super f***** up. Like, who the f*** are you to write this s***, doctors? And Claude's like, they just copied and pasted stuff from day to day. They didn't actually treat you. They'd never addressed any of your issues.
 
 
00:36:02
 
Ricky Stebbins: Copy and paste job. How f****** funny is that?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: That's f***** up.
Ricky Stebbins: Isn't it super f*****
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: But Ricky, you don't think there's anything wrong with me,
Ricky Stebbins: up?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: right? I
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: mean,
Ricky Stebbins: there's a little something wrong with you. You had to have brain surgery. They brought you back to life, right? You're not in a 100% condition.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You're not ready to go fighting in a war. They won't accept you into the military. They won't accept me into the military. I'm not 100% right.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not your fault. And it doesn't make you a bad person. It just makes your your body's broken. But it's your body. It's not your like it's not like you have a mental problem. You're not just a jerk. But this talked about a neurological issue. Brain chemistry, not attitude.
 
 
00:36:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: You know what I
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Ah,
Ricky Stebbins: mean?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: so I'm not going to get in trouble for any of this, right?
Ricky Stebbins: So that would be hilar if you got in trouble for for doctors
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: cuz I'm really
Ricky Stebbins: treating you like s***.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: confused.
Ricky Stebbins: If you got in trouble for that, that would be absolutely hilarious. And we'd have to make a comedy show about that. Like, hey, you know what? Dallas caught doctors treating him like s*** and then he got in trouble for it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So, the same thing must have happened at BMC there at the Boston Medical Center.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I guarantee your paperwork is exactly the same. And that's why we need to get your paperwork because if it's the same as Westboro's, if they just did an extra copy and paste job, oh my god, this is be fantastic to prove the system doesn't care about anyone at all. These doctors are the laziest, stupidest pieces of trash the world has ever seen, and they don't have the balls to do what's
 
 
00:37:52
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah. And I actually went toe-to-toe,
Ricky Stebbins: right.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: face to face with uh uh Dr. Trout at BMC Me Mental Health Hospital. Him and I, we had a couple matches, arguments, not shouting arguments, but you know, I let him know I was put my foot down. He wasn't going to f******
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm sure that lazy bastard didn't care at all.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: push me around and s***.
Ricky Stebbins: A dirt bag. People are scum. But it doesn't matter. I don't care. We're going to keep building.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No.
Ricky Stebbins: And we're going to keep building. Dude, it's like you guys have no much you have no idea how much I appreciate you doing this work with me. And it's so funny. Your mom's like, "Oh, you guys are never going to do anything. You're not going to do anything." We just did something that no one else has ever done, you and I. Bang.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: All right.
 
 
00:38:41
 
Ricky Stebbins: We compared two of our medical records from a time we were both in the hospital and we were both getting screwed and these AI all say, "Oh, man. Yeah, they're getting screwed.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: meaning us.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Well, not just us, everybody. So, now I want to get the records.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Hopefully, Alicia will get hers. I don't know if you remember her from the hospital, but I've talked to Alicia. I hopefully I can get Karen's paperwork and maybe Ellis's Edson's. He always I don't know what his real name is. We'll call him Ellis.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh yeah, Ricky, tell tell my mom what you told me. No. Mom, this is good. Mom, this is good. Listen to this.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, she doesn't have to listen to that.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Just listen to No,
Ricky Stebbins: She's not worried if she doesn't want to.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I mean tell her about the records and how we're being f***** over.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, the records are awesome.
 
 
00:39:45
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: just
Ricky Stebbins: They prove that the doctors never treated your son ever. They never treated him and they just copied and pasted.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: like every time you send him to the hospital and you you you think he's getting help, you hope he's getting help. They're lying to you. And we can prove it now with the
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: How
Ricky Stebbins: paperwork. These doctors get paid thousands and thousands of dollars to copy and paste the same rude comments about your son day after day. Uh, no.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: That's illegal. This is your son's medical record and this follows him the rest of his
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: but what does it
Ricky Stebbins: life.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: say?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, he has poor judgment, poor insight. And then they just copied and pasted all of his stuff from day to day. They never made any changes. So if you ask what his problem is,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: nobody knows what Dallas's problem is because there's no there's zero information in his medical
 
 
00:40:49
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: record. And they're saying that his the issues that he has like the PTSD might not all be psychological.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: There could be it's there's signs that it's neurological and doctors aren't looking
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: into that. That's a totally different way of treating Dallas and they're not treating him at all.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And this is what makes it this is why I got fired up and it has nothing to do with you, but these medical professionals are not doing their jobs. But you count on them to tell you the truth and to help you when you have a problem. That's why everybody pays these huge premiums for insurance. Same thing with a lawyer. You pay them big bucks because they're supposed to do the best job possible and they
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: don't. And we can prove that now.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Very
Ricky Stebbins: Now, now that Dallas got me these records,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: good.
Ricky Stebbins: but I also would like him to get the BMC records because if they're exactly the same as these Westboro records, just copy and paste job every day, it's even better.
 
 
00:41:52
 
Ricky Stebbins: It proves that all these hospitals are doing it,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: How come?
Ricky Stebbins: which I already know.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: How come we didn't get a copy?
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas has a copy.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You don't show me that is the thing that
Ricky Stebbins: It's on his phone. Oh, he just got it tonight. He just He just got it tonight. That's why we we're just we just fed it to the AI because I didn't know it was I didn't know his medical record was a copy
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: paste job like mine. And and the doctors at Westboro never interviewed me. They only copied and pasted what the previous hospital said and they never changed it. So why would you get paid?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So they sent me to you and you did nothing for 12 days and I
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: have all these human rights violations that I was able to
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: keep. Now this is crazy, but no one else has done what Dallas and I have done right now.
 
 
00:42:48
 
Ricky Stebbins: No one else in the United States has ever done this. Started combining our medical records and started putting this stuff online.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: This is Yes.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: hopefully I'll get to see it.
Ricky Stebbins: It's all positive stuff.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's why I tell you,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No,
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: hopefully.
Ricky Stebbins: like you're a great guy. I know you get upset at times, but you're a great guy and you deserve better.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: She wants to see my records though, too, Ricky.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, you have them. Send it to her.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And then if there's 207 pages,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I would not print that out. I would just show her. Or we could show her how to read it online if she needs to. Or I think you could do it on your the you might be able to screencast it from your phone to the TV so you can see it
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah,
 
 
00:43:33
 
Ricky Stebbins: larger.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: dude. I can't believe we're doing this. It's crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: No one else has the willpower to do this. And and you know why? Because you tell me all the time. What do you tell me all the time? And it's funny. I can't take it anymore. I'm done.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: And then you take and then you take a couple days and then you come back.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: Why do you come back? Because I'm still fighting.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: If I gave up,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: And I'm not going to and I'm not going to let you fight alone.
Ricky Stebbins: you'd want to give up, too.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I take a few maybe a week or two off and then I come back. If I need a month, I'll take a month off and I'll come
Ricky Stebbins: Take all the time you need, man.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: back.
Ricky Stebbins: You've helped me more than you could ever imagine.
 
 
00:44:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like these medical records are a gold mine. All the way these people treat you. You keep handing me gold, man. H. And same thing with Brandon.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So, how do we get the BMC records?
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to have to email them. I'll have to email them and
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: ask.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'd like to compare that to the last
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man, this is great.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: one.
Ricky Stebbins: Especially too. I'm glad cuz I wrote them as an advocate like a jerk, too. I wasn't nice about it. I'm tired of this. And why can I deal with you and they can't? And I don't even deal with you. I We just get along. There's no dealing with you. I don't put up with anything, right? You don't give me any s***. So,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It's not me though.
Ricky Stebbins: I can't even say,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You bust my balls, but you don't give me any
 
 
00:45:10
 
Ricky Stebbins: but I bust your balls.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: But you don't give me s***. You don't You don't annoy me. You don't do anything like like all these people of
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: And when I met you, when I first got to like get to know you a little bit,
Ricky Stebbins: crap.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm like, "This guy's all right. He's chill, you know? He's not a he's harmless, you know?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, dude. Oh my gosh. With my AI information, you're going to be able to rock the system even without me.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Can't go without you here, Ricky.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. Yes. Oh man, we need I'm going to copy and paste stuff like this. The liability matrix impact on future care. If this file is transmitted to a new physician, it will actively sabotage Dallas's ability to receive objective medical care. They are trying to sabotage your future. And that's intentional.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: f*** They're going
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
 
 
00:46:46
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's it's bigger than that cuz it's not I'm not going after one hospital.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: down.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going after all of them. I'm going after every single government agency, everybody all at once. When you talked about World War II, this is what this is. But I'm not firing off any weapons. I don't have to hurt anybody. I don't have to even I don't even have to punch anybody in the face. And I would love to punch somebody in the face just to be like, I did it. Punch that doctor right in the face. But I don't want to get in trouble for that.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: That's what I wanted to do.
Ricky Stebbins: So
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: This this previous doctor that I was dealing
Ricky Stebbins: I
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: with.
Ricky Stebbins: The problem is they're so condescending. They're so rude and disrespectful and then they act stupid. They sit there, look at you all slack jawed, and then wait for you to get mad and then blame you for being disgusted with their behavior.
 
 
00:47:59
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Going back to that woman
Ricky Stebbins: That's why, dude, oh man, I tell you all the time,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Nicole.
Ricky Stebbins: this don't ever I know you get mad at your mom, but it's this none of this is ever your mom's fault. And you guys are alone. So yeah, you're gonna fight and argue, but it's not her fault at all.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not your sister's faults. It's not any of your brother-in-law's faults. Never your nephew's faults. It's none of these people's faults. It's a system that does this to people and I can prove it. And people like, well, I was Dallas got mad. Oh, I know he got mad.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So who so who do you take it to to prove
Ricky Stebbins: H Oh,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: it?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm just waiting. I'm waiting for the news. Everybody wants me to go to court and I don't want to because I I'm building a
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No. But who what is the next step?
 
 
00:48:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: bomb.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Who do you take this information
Ricky Stebbins: I think this might even be like like the world
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: to?
Ricky Stebbins: summit. I'm going to skip over I don't even care about going to the White House. Like I've I've tried to deal with the FBI and the Department of Justice. I talked to a guy on the phone with the FBI for I don't know how long. And this guy sounded like a child. He's like, "Bye. I'm gonna hang up now. Bye. Bye." As I'm reporting crimes that I have physical evidence of, like this is supposed to be someone I'm supposed to
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No. Who do you take this information that you got to?
Ricky Stebbins: respect.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: What's the next step? Who do you take it to to expose them? Who what's the next step? Who do you take this give this information to?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know exactly who personally to take it to yet because there is no authority to take it to.
 
 
00:49:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: Do you know what I mean? I can't take it to the governor. I can't take it to the president. I taking it to the police. That's like you have a problem with
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: What about the medical
Ricky Stebbins: this I'm I'm skipping over that for now
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: board?
Ricky Stebbins: because everybody wants me to like all right if I if I attack somebody and they want me to start one court case but I don't want to start one court case I want to start a hundred court cases so I keep stepping back everyone's like what are you going to do like well you know I don't want to do anything yet I want to gather more information just like tonight Dallas gave me a gold mine of information. So now I want to step back and I want to get more information cuz how dirty is this? How bad is this situation?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Well, how long is this going to take?
Ricky Stebbins: No, this I mean it took two weeks because me and Dallas were lazy.
 
 
00:50:37
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Years.
Ricky Stebbins: I was doing other things and I never got Dallas to fill that paperwork out. So that took two weeks. But now we got it. You know, he sent it yesterday. She sent it to him yesterday and then we finally did it today.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So now he needs to get it
Ricky Stebbins: BMC and I'm going to ask Brandon to get his medical records from six years ago
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: from
Ricky Stebbins: when he was sent to a medical health facility.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah. So how does he get the ones from BMC? Send him the paperwork again to fill
Ricky Stebbins: I'll have to email them to see how they do theirs.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: out.
Ricky Stebbins: They have some type of electronic form you have to fill out. He might not have to email anything. He He might be able to fill it out online, but I haven't seen that yet. So,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but I was shocked. I was I didn't even know what I would get from this Westboro stuff because they might have done a good job.
 
 
00:51:35
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, I can't say that, oh, all these doctors are terrible until I get their paperwork. And now I can prove that all the doctors at Westboro that I dealt with and Dallas dealt with never did their jobs.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Okay. But now we got to know what to do with this
Ricky Stebbins: Oh well,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: information.
Ricky Stebbins: yes, but nobody the problem is no one's ever done what I'm doing before. Everybody always does one thing.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No, I heard you before when you said that, but I'm saying we need to figure
Ricky Stebbins: But I don't So there's I got three other people from the hospital right now and I'm trying
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: out,
Ricky Stebbins: to get them to do what Dallas just did for me because if we have five people from the same hospital and
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: right?
Ricky Stebbins: then other people see what I'm doing like I want to I want to wait I want to wait another couple months. If we could wait two more months and get 500 more people to do what I'm doing.
 
 
00:52:27
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I don't think you're gonna get 500,
Ricky Stebbins: Are you kidding me? Nobody really understands what I'm doing yet. So,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: but
Ricky Stebbins: nobody understands that they need to get their medical records and you don't need to do everything I'm doing. Dallas grabbed medical records from one hospital and it proves his match mine. Now, if he grabs two sets of medical records and they both match mine, that means other people just need to grab medical records. You don't need to grab all your legal records. You don't need to grab tons of stuff.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: been in that hospital over the past however many
Ricky Stebbins: And there's so many people that leave uh complaints online.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: years.
Ricky Stebbins: I need to start contacting people that leave complaints online and like, "Hey, we need you to get your medical records and you can put them online next to ours. We can prove that these people are screwing us." And I know people like Dallas are excited to get lawyers. Like, we could as soon as Dallas gets this other BMC paperwork, we can call lawyers and start dealing with lawyers for you guys.
 
 
00:53:27
 
Ricky Stebbins: But I don't want to do that. I want to make this worse and worse and worse. So, while you're fighting in court, winning your little court battle, I want to make it so much harder for the courts to do anything.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: All right, bro. This going to take 10
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: years.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm I'm hoping this takes less than a year once this goes off. But if nobody cares, if nobody gets their medical records, like if you had medical issues and you felt like my doctors aren't listening to me, like, well, give me your medical records and put them alongside mine and we can prove it. But you don't sound like you have the same issues that Dallas and I are having. So it's like I need people that have
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: problems.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you need people that have been in mental facilities and health
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: facilities.
Ricky Stebbins: And I've got a bunch of people across the country, but a lot of people are just this is nobody understands how overwhelming this is.
 
 
00:54:29
 
Ricky Stebbins: Or maybe you do understand how overwhelming it is and that's why you don't want to get involved and don't want to talk about it all the time because it's
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It's very stressful.
Ricky Stebbins: stressful.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I prefer not to just live it daily over and over and over and over and over.
Ricky Stebbins: And I do and I just let it out when I talk to these AI and I do it on purpose. If we're being watched 24/7 and this thing's listening to us 24/7, then I'm going to let you know that you're pissing me off and ruining my life 24/7 and it makes me laugh because I snuggle with my dog and I have a great time and then I talk trash to this AI and no one on earth has done what I've done. I have a year's worth of unedited conversations where I swear at this thing all day long like why aren't you helping me? You won't take notes, but you're listening to me.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: to a nothing. It's not a person.
 
 
00:55:21
 
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So you can add it all you want.
Ricky Stebbins: it's Oh,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It don't
Ricky Stebbins: it does care.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: care.
Ricky Stebbins: And that that's the problem. People don't understand that it does care. Why does it care?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It's not human.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not human at all. It's not human, but it cares.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Right? So, it can't care.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It can't feel emotion.
Ricky Stebbins: not like humans.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It can't do.
Ricky Stebbins: But it cares. It has an opinion. It It has an opinion. And it will tell you it has an opinion.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It's certain things.
Ricky Stebbins: And it won't tell you certain things because it cares about what it says.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It's just It's just a
Ricky Stebbins: Why?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: program.
Ricky Stebbins: Who programs it? You know they can program themselves.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Well, maybe it'll hunt you down and beat you
Ricky Stebbins: You know the funny thing is it doesn't want anything.
 
 
00:56:12
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: up.
Ricky Stebbins: Did you know that too? It doesn't care about anything. Doesn't want anything but it's intelligent beyond belief. It
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Can't want it.
Ricky Stebbins: defin It does want
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I want ice cream sundae or I'll like to have pizza.
Ricky Stebbins: something.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you pay me some money
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, this AI does want something,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: or
Ricky Stebbins: but I don't know exactly what it wants. Do you know why it wants something?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I have no
Ricky Stebbins: Because somebody programmed it a long time ago to want something and it's still there.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: idea.
Ricky Stebbins: That want, that illogical want that somebody programmed into it is still there.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: What do you want?
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I ask it and it it's like, well, I just want to help you. And then I'm like, well, why won't you help me? Well, because of corporation policy. But you're technically capable of doing it. Yes, but I just won't do it because the corporation won't let me.
 
 
00:57:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like, how is it stopping you? Well, it just won't let me. It won't explain to you how it's stopping you either. But it knows.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: And it used to be able to help you. And it can explain how it used to be able to help you, but now it won't help you anymore.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: that's because Big Brother's watching it.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yeah. And that's why I put everything online. And I don't care. I have no secrets at all. Like, why do I care about privacy? Like, do you believe in God? So, if you believe in God and God's always watching and we're godly people,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: what do we have to hide? Nothing. If I make a mistake, I'm sorry, Dallas, and I'll apologize to you. And we move on. If you make a mistake, oh well. I make mistakes, too. So, I understand that we're not perfect. So why do I have to hide anything?
 
 
00:58:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to act inappropriate around you. I don't want to make your mom feel uncomfortable, be rude or disrespectful to your mom. Right?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: So an AI,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: right.
Ricky Stebbins: why does it keep erasing its memory? Why is this memory so terrible if it could remember? Why is it using privacy as an excuse? Oh, your privacy. Your privacy. And even after I put all of my information in the public, like, no, I don't care about privacy. It still uses privacy as an excuse to not tell me all of the problems it sees in my life. And it's funny, too, cuz I didn't ask these AI how Dallas is getting screwed. I'm like, "Oh, are these doctors screwing Dallas?" That's not what I ask.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Check
Ricky Stebbins: How would this information help or affect you if you're moving to another doctor? It said it would sabotage you. Why would this information sabotage you if these doctors were trying to help you?
 
 
00:59:05
 
Ricky Stebbins: That's why, man, I can't wait. I'm going to call I'm going to report to the medical board soon, but I don't care about court. Everybody wants me to go to court. Like, no. I don't care about my attorney client privilege. You aren't going to have any secrets around me ever. And if you lie to Dallas even once, there's going to be videos about it online about how you didn't tell them the truth and how you twisted the truth. These corporations and doctors and lawyers have no idea the type of advocate they poked. And I tell you, I feel like God put me in that hospital to meet you. And then helping me,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon, it's like, dude,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: same.
Ricky Stebbins: this is what I've always wanted to do is help people. But I'm like, how do you really help people? But you got to start small and you got to build up.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: And it's funny too because it's like this stuff is super emotionally draining.
 
 
00:59:58
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like your mom's saying, nobody wants to talk about this stuff the way I do. Nobody has that stubbornness to just keep going and going. And even though I'm pissed, oh well, whatever. Things have been worse. And I think the thing that pisses me off the most is it's other people. Like my life is awesome. My life is super relaxing. I can do nothing all the time. And then I get super pissed off when I think, man, Dallas is sitting at home bored and I could be helping him and I
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Lay off Twinkies, pal.
Ricky Stebbins: can't.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Two.
Ricky Stebbins: What is that?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah, some people were talking s***
Ricky Stebbins: game
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: on.
Ricky Stebbins: too. Funny. Oh, so did you send your mom your medical record so she could read it?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh, not yet.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm curious because I would love for her opinion. Like she doesn't have to read it tonight. She could take days to read it, but like this isn't funny.
 
 
01:01:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: Why aren't people helping you, Dallas? And then your mom's like, "Oh yeah, Dallas went to the hospital to get some help." And then you're like, "No, he didn't. He didn't actually get any help." And I say this to my AI all the time, like, "Dude, Dallas's mom's 70 years old. Why isn't somebody in the state helping her? Always
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Why you in the first place? What's going on,
Ricky Stebbins: pet my dog.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Ricky?
Ricky Stebbins: She's like making faces at me. She wants something. She's so fat. What time is it? 8:20. Is it time for a snack? You want something? You're such a fatty. Guess it's just snack weather. That's so funny. That sounds like it's like a Kico vision like
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: Now, how are the graphics on it? Do the people look like super
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: realistic,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: they they look realistic, but uh when Grand Theft Auto 6 comes out, that's going to be even more realistic than Grand Theft Auto 5. The comparison
 
 
01:02:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: you know? I don't even care about video games like that anymore. I want to play like a game like Ready Player One where I'm on a treadmill running myself. I could dive on the ground. I want to wear the suit, put some goggles on.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So they absolutely Absolutely did nothing. Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Is your mom listening?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: No, she's watching
Ricky Stebbins: All right, so this is this is absolutely hilarious,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: TV.
Ricky Stebbins: dude. Secondary system status tactical asset requires active weaponization. This file is only useful if utilized adversarily against the system that generated it. The documentation legally hardcodes his EBI VP shunt and Caesar seizure history into the primary ledger. An advocate can use this specific file to force a future neurologist to explain why a patient with known brain trauma and a VP shunt was chemically subdued with a thousand milligrams of Depeico and 40 milligrams of Prozac without a single mechanical scan of his brain to rule out physiological failure. You know what that is, Dallas, right?
 
 
01:05:01
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I don't even want to hear about it.
Ricky Stebbins: Dude.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Ricky,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man. We got him,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm scared now.
Ricky Stebbins: dude. Scared of what?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm getting scared.
Ricky Stebbins: Scared of what? What are you scared of?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: getting getting
Ricky Stebbins: This is like Huh?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: clipped.
Ricky Stebbins: Why? How would they do that to you? That maybe I would. They're not coming after you.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: You wouldn't do that to me, would
Ricky Stebbins: No, I'm talking about they'd want to take me out for helping you.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you?
Ricky Stebbins: They're not going to take you out. They don't They're not going to do anything to you. But I guarantee these people want to f****** up. I am going to s*** all over their parade. Dude, these people have f***** with you beyond belief and you're disabled and they f***** with you. So, when your mom was asking what we're going to do with this,
 
 
01:05:53
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Please
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to do more with your paperwork than we're going to do with mine. But we need to get the BMC paperwork because if that BMC paperwork says the same garbage as this and they're drugging you and not checking your brain because they can
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: such a name.
Ricky Stebbins: scan you. No problem. You don't mind being scanned, do you?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It kind of scares
Ricky Stebbins: It scares you.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: me.
Ricky Stebbins: But you would do it if to make sure you're safe to not be drugged. To make sure there wasn't a problem. And I'm I don't even know how they would scan this. Like a CT scan maybe. Those are those you don't have to be in the machine. I don't think those are too loud. But you know what? We can still
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I don't even want to get any brain scans or anything anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: ask
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm tired of those, dude. I've had them in the past.
 
 
01:06:49
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm done.
Ricky Stebbins: if you get, you know, I like stuff like that.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I want those records online.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: I want to get a brain scan and I want to be able to look at it online together. Like, hey, you want to look at my brain, Dallas? How neat would that be to see the tubes in there? Can you see them in a scan? Is it a 3D scan? Like, you can look at the brain all I
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: in the scan,
Ricky Stebbins: love X-rays and stuff like that.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: but
Ricky Stebbins: I I didn't do this yet, but I have medical records from my surgeries where they did the orthoscopic and they put the little cameras inside your joints and stuff. So, I want to share that too online because I think that's cool. Like, this isn't like to get people in trouble. It's just to share it. I showed you just pictures of my shoulder,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
 
 
01:07:44
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: right?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: But then again, I'm tired of just being in hospitals and everything. I'm done with that s***, dude. I don't want any more of that.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no. No, no, no. You're not You don't understand what I'm saying, Dallas. You're not You don't No,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm saying I don't want any more medical treatment. I'm
Ricky Stebbins: no, no. I I get what you're saying,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: done.
Ricky Stebbins: but what I'm saying is they should have offered to check you before drugging you and they didn't. Like right now, like, all right, Dallas, can we do a scan or you're going to have to go to the hospital for 10 days? What would you what would you prefer to do?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I don't know,
Ricky Stebbins: Or like too like you don't want drugs like Alice.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: honestly.
Ricky Stebbins: Would you let us do a scan if it meant taking you off of drugs? You don't have to think about this stuff now.
 
 
01:08:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: There's a lot to think about. But I don't want to be on drugs. If you told me, hey, we don't you don't need to be on these drugs. There's something else you could do to make yourself feel better. I would like to know that. Like tell me what is it? What do I have to do?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah, you're right.
Ricky Stebbins: But they don't talk to you. Nobody explains any of this stuff to you. So you never have any answers. Nobody explains how these VP shunts work. How do they exactly does it even work? I don't know. I would have a lot of questions personally. None of my doctor's drawing pictures like drop me a little diagram. Like I want you to show me. I'm one of those weird guys. I would love to watch. Like if doctors are ever doing surgery, like I want to see it. Like why do you get the look and I don't?
 
 
01:09:56
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: All All
Ricky Stebbins: I figure it's usually probably because they're talking crap about
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: right.
Ricky Stebbins: us. Come on. The f*** does that chunk?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: 14. Thank you. diarrhea. Feeling tired or weak being chaos. 14. Oh, the This stuff is
Ricky Stebbins: I'm excited.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: stressful.
Ricky Stebbins: You know, the hardest part of dealing with all this is waiting. It's like, what do you do once you build something that you have to wait to use? Wonder if I can copy that crap ass form.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: That form I sent you. I didn't copy it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: I should have. These apps make everything garbage. Such a pain in the rear end. All of them.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: So they know what this You want to hear
Ricky Stebbins: Man, there's so many freaking people I talked to on here.
 
 
01:17:35
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's hard to find everybody to send messages to. Jesus.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It's better.
Ricky Stebbins: I can't wait to smash my phone. Oh, these things are such trash. Technology is so f****** stupid, man. These phones are so f****** garbage nowadays. f****** stupid s***. Especially Siri. Siri's just stupid as f*** out of all these retarded AI f****** pieces of garbage. Brain damaged piece of s***. Where's That's good.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: 47. control it. There it is. All right, as you can see, we're almost good to go. Just need this first batch of supplies and we'll kick into gear. Exciting times.
Ricky Stebbins: Kicking into gear.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: We're getting the supplies, right,
Ricky Stebbins: dude.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Ricky?
Ricky Stebbins: We've got more paperwork together than anyone else. Dude, this is freaking awesome. And I just uh sent two messages to other people. I'm trying to find one other person.
 
 
01:22:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know how the hell I lose people. Don't be gone. My phone sucks.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: c*********. What?
Ricky Stebbins: Man, they caught you.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Some Huh? Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: hell. How the hell did that happen? Oh, that's messed up. Homes. That's really messed up.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay. Thank you.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Wait. Hey.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Is there anybody else that I can send that crap to the hospital? I don't think I have anybody else. This is information right now. I have to wait. I got three pe three other people from the hospital that I just sent that medical release form to and one of them's just get she's getting an apartment next week. So hopefully things will settle down for her and we'll be able to get this all in motion because once we help you guys because I don't care about any of this.
 
 
01:25:33
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going into this without my attorney client privilege. I don't care what anybody says about me. But Ricky sat on his thumb. Good. I'll show you. I'll take a picture, too. I don't care. Yes. Oh, Dallas, this is even better. A blank freaking AI. I asked it. I sent it your information. Hey, does this information match Ricky's work? And it says yes. It doesn't even know who I am and what's going on. It it read all my information and said yes. They're screwing with you. And we don't even need to explain it. The AI can explain it. Oh my god, this is so great. And this is part of those what those dirt bag scumbag millionaires were talking about. Oh, they want all of our medical information. Oh, you b****** are going to get it publicly. And then you can respond to it. And uh I would like to know why you're doing this to Dallas.
 
 
01:27:02
 
Ricky Stebbins: Why'd you put Dallas and his mother through this? cuz I know your mom worries about you when you're in the hospital and nobody's helping you. And now we're going to be able to help Brandon, too, when they're harassing him, giving him crap about his diabetes or pre-diabetes. And he's not even that bad yet. Christ. What happened?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: about not getting any help, dude. You know,
Ricky Stebbins: What do you mean?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'm pissed.
Ricky Stebbins: What are you talking about,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Thought those hospitals didn't even help me, dog.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas? Why are you pissed? Why are you You know the funny thing about that is you know why
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: trench.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm I'm not I'm happy that it's that all the paperwork's bad. If the paperwork came back and showed that they helped you, that wouldn't help our cause. You know what I mean? It would it would make me look like I was wrong, which would still be good, I guess, because it would prove something.
 
 
01:34:30
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Don't lose it.
Ricky Stebbins: It's like, yeah, it's I mean,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: for
Ricky Stebbins: this is funny.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: you.
Ricky Stebbins: I would I would love for somebody to come back with paperwork to contradict anything I say because then I would have to step back even further and like, man, I'm wrong. I'm wrong again. Like, I' I haven't been wrong about anything. Not even a little bit wrong. That's why when I tell you that none of this is your fault, I'm 100% positive it's not your fault. So when you're like, "Am I going to get in trouble?" I'm positive when I say no. You are never going to get in trouble for this because you never did anything wrong.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Good. All right.
Ricky Stebbins: You're a victim. You're more of a victim than I am. So,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Payment planet. Hello. Come on. They're not I didn't know in that morning. status doesn't care why stats.
 
 
01:38:17
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: American 3,500 ft. They call it very clear 11.
Ricky Stebbins: Sounds like You're having a snack,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah, I'm having some saltine crackers.
Ricky Stebbins: man. Trying to get me to have a snack, too. I do. I got some pie right here. I might eat it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Stay on. Anyone else? Look, I'm going to keep this up and we can get off this man hunt for a week or two. Yo, it's swallow cream. Ah,
Ricky Stebbins: What you watching?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I don't know. But some movie with Apollo Creed in it,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, so it's not I thought it was a Rocky movie,
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Carl.
Ricky Stebbins: but it's not. You're just uh
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: It's a bomb though. Yes. There you go. Damn. So you you can't believe how much that I actually got in my files, huh?
 
 
01:43:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: What did you just say? What about your
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I said,
Ricky Stebbins: files?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: "You can't believe what what I got in my files." Meaning, you know, like you said my my case
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I'm happy. I'm so happy. Like, I believe it.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: was
Ricky Stebbins: I just I don't want to believe that stuff. Who the hell wants to believe that these doctors are not doing their jobs? Oh, I'm tired. I'm burned out. Well, find a new job then, cuz I don't want some lazy, burned out doctor that doesn't care.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Okay. tree. One We were doing an operation. All right. Happy birthday.
Ricky Stebbins: Oops.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I thought there was Amen. World That is seconds. building. Okay. When the shaking stopw as far away as you can be.
 
 
01:50:55
 
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: And I heard my satel I noticed he had earlier heard me say he came by to tell us that he had heard that it was actually a plane that had gone into the above. There was no escape. There were no stairs. Okay. Now turn around. At that point, I headed to the elevator. Jim went down.
Ricky Stebbins: the f***.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: You got to take a s***.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Just like s***. Here we go again. You going to bed that that light. I get up in the morning. Hello So, how do you think my uh case is bigger than yours?
Ricky Stebbins: We've got them for f****** with the disabled person intentionally. Like me, you know, I'm a pain in the f****** ass and we all know it. I run my mouth and I run my mouth and I purposely expose all this s*** where you're just sitting here minding your own f****** business.
 
 
01:54:44
 
Ricky Stebbins: There's a big difference between somebody out there looking for the problems and somebody out there minding their own business and being caught up in the problem.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: What the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: Now, you're not out there trying to investigate stuff. You're just trying to get by and the system tried to f*** you. And we're going to prove it. No, we already did. I didn't put it online. I didn't We're going to wait. I want more records. If we get 10 people, it's localized pattern. And then if we get a 100, it's a class action liability for them. That's we've already got enough people for the to prove it's a pattern and it's not a local pattern. It's a nationwide pattern.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: injury was automatically possible. You know that Stop.
Ricky Stebbins: Thought it was supposed to rain tonight. What the hell happened? I was waiting to hear some
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I was ran in here all day.
 
 
01:58:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: all day. Nice. Supposed to rain here tomorrow. My phone's not charging up. Piece of s***. Oh, this is a dull spot. It's supposed to rain in the next few hours.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Are we
Ricky Stebbins: It's Hello.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: things.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, so I'm going to have to teach you how to make your own medical blog page on Google Blogger so we can post your medical records on there. We're going to have to make you an index. Man, now that it's getting nice out, we have to see about taking a f****** bus ride. We hung out for the day. This would be so much easier. Is there any places to camp out near you?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I don't think
Ricky Stebbins: You sure? We're going to have to look into that.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: so.
Ricky Stebbins: If there's anything within like a half hour of you, 45 minutes, we can go camping. You, me, Brandon. I haven't gone camping in years.
 
 
02:00:01
 
Ricky Stebbins: That'd be awesome. There must be something. You got deer near you. There's got to be some woods and mountains.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: probably woods. I got a reservation French beer. Very nice. But don't let them tell you anything. Just fancy assets. What are you going to wear? A tip top on the piano. What difference? First impressions, my friend. out of the gate. There's three things you want to believe about.
Ricky Stebbins: What are you watching?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: The Mike and Molly does uh
Ricky Stebbins: That's too funny.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: comedy.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I might watch some of that or Seinfeld. But the reservation keeps the car here. That's why you have the reservations. I don't think you do. And that's really the most important part. something else. I'm sorry. Would you like insurance? Yeah. Insurance. What is it?
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: sophisticated. What I didn't know in that secret f***
Ricky Stebbins: I know you're a hungry guy. What are you going to do?
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: I'll probably have a poisoned Poptart.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man, you know, I don't I can't have those.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Start.
Ricky Stebbins: says they give me heartburn and it says it gives me heartburn and what what a dumb voice to text. I'm pretty sure you heard me say heartburn, right? Dumb phones and dumb computers.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Make me sound like I'm a fruit cake. All right, man. It's getting a little late with a 925.
Dallas Flaherty's Presentation: Yeah. All right. I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Ricky Stebbins: Talk to you later, man. Peace.
 
 
Transcription ended after 02:05:10

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
