 I met Becky after being invited to a group of parents fighting DCF by another parent Becca Ray. After joining this group it instantly became clear to me that documentation is a serious issue for a lot of these parents. These parents are given double sided papers with limited or no explanations as to how conclusion are made, thankfully this DCF stuff follows the same pattern I've been tracing across other systems and I'm curious why Becky's daughter isn't part of DDS.

How does labeling kids autistic or claiming they have behavior issues effect DCF funding?

What happens to these kids when they become adults? Can foster parents kick them out and get new kids? 



side note:  Lillie was receiving SSDI but DCF couldn't show where the money was going, so it got cut off. I don't see how an investigation wouldn't have been able to trace that back to an account or a company. This is exactly like what's going on with Brandon right now and he's 36.

How does this missing money effect different agencies funding? 

 

 

 

 

 

Becky's DCF paperwork to help get her kids back.

 

 Links to my court issues

 Worcester court issues

https://systemfailuresandlegalstruggles.blogspot.com/2025/06/emails-and-messages-with-all-my-lawyers.html

  Worcester court issues

 https://systemfailuresandlegalstruggles.blogspot.com/2025/06/2021-2025-court-audio-list-and-videos.html

 2013 Hampden county issues

https://systemfailuresandlegalstruggles.blogspot.com/2025/06/hampden-county-corruption-2013-ongoing.html 

 Dallas F

 https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2025/10/dallas-f.html

 Brandon B

 https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2025/11/brandonb.html

Becca Ray

 https://tariqmahmoudisanabuser.blogspot.com/2025/08/tariq-mahmoud-his-family-massachusetts.html

Stephen N.

 https://rickystebbins78.blogspot.com/2025/11/b-n.html





Becky’s records.

 UMASS MEMORIAL HEALTH CARE
PATIENT PROGRESS RECORD
IMPRINT PATIENT NAME
MORRISONBARNES, BECKY
UMMHС
UMMHC - CCU Memorial
PID: 000588897
Account#: 00029138143
DATE/TIME: 11/05/2011 15:35



Date of Service
11/05/2011 14:23

Patient Description
25F h/o G7P2 (3 spontaneous abortions), currently 25wks pregnant; asthma, 1/2 PPD Tob, recurrent
UTI (on keflex), & distant seizures; admit to floor 11/3 c/o R-flank pain, found to have WBС 21.5
with 35% bands, 1.3cm R-urethral stone with hydro, Rx w/ IVF & CTX; then on 11/5 devloped sat
85% RA (91%/3L), HR ~120, CXR LLL pna, CT Chest no PE (+ LLL pna), to OR for stent &
developed hypotension requiring pressors, Tx to CCU for LLL CAP with hypoxia, R-nephrolithiasis
with pylelonephritis and septic shock.


Source of Pt Info
Medical Records


HPI/Events of Note
25F h/o G7P2 (3 spontaneous abortions), currently 25wks pregnant; asthma, 1/2 PPD Tob, recurrent
UTI (on keflex) who initially presented to Harrington Hospital 11/3 c/o R-flank pain, transferred to
Memorial Hosp and admit to floor & found to have WBC 21.5 with 35% bands, 1.3cm R-urethral
stone with hydro on ultrasound #2 (not seen on 1st but had persistent pain and US repeated). She was
Kx w/IVF, flomax, & CTX; then early am on 11/5 devloped sat 85% RA (91%/3L), HR~120. CXR
showed LLL pna, CT Chest done which showed no PE but definitive LLL pna. She was taken to OR
for stent & developed hypotension requiring pressors, Tx to CCU for LLL CAP with hypoxia,
R-nephrolithiasis with pylelonephritis and septic shock.

She went to OR prior to transfer to CCU. Preop she developed hypotension to 75/40 and was given
total of 2i IVF but ultimately required neosynephrine to be started. In OR she was found to have pus
in right ureter and obstruction was relieved with stent placement.




MEDS ON FLOOR
**********
Ceftriaxone 1gm IV daily
Flomax 0.4mg PO daily
Azithromycin 500mg IV daily
******
HOME MEDS
***********
Per admit note she was on suppressive dose of keflex for recurrent UTIs
Date of surgery: 11/05/2011;
Procedure: ureteral stent placement;
Anesthesia: local/ sedation; EBL (ml): 1; Fluids: Crystalloid (ml)-2000

Allergies
VICODIN, vicodin>hives

Pre-Admission Meds
KEFLEX daily

Past History
NEURO-generalized seizures; distant seizures (after peripartum epidural with headache requiring
blood patch)
PULM-asthma; rarely uses inhaler
RENAL-recurrent UTIs, on chronic keflex

Social History
Married, < 20 pack years - still smoking


Physician Assistant - Admission Note Page 1 of 4

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 MEDEXPRESS URGENT
CARE, P.C. -
MASSACHUSETTS
GUARANTOR NAME AND
ADDRESS
BECKY L BARNES
11 ALLEN ST
PALMER, MA 01069

please send payments to:
MEDEXPRESS URGENT CARE, PCMASSACHUSETTS
PO BOX 14865
BELFAST, ME 04915-4043
billing phone: (888) 249-6365


PATIENT #PATIENT PROVIDER
NAME
department of service:
21006 SpringfieldBostonRD
1312 Boston Road
SPRINGFIELD, MA 01119-1336
dept phone: (413) 782-0784


printed 04/20/2021
02:25 PM
DATE DEPARTMENT
21006 SPRINGFIELDBOSTONRD 04/20/2021 21006_SpringfieldBostonRD 15896675 BECKY L
BARNES
DOB. TELEPHONE CURRENT INSURANCE

02/03/1986 (413) 264-9810 MEDICARE-MA (MEDICARE) *******DV59
CERTIFICATE# AUTH#
PAYMENTS ON 04/20/2021
Post Date of Diagnosis
Date Service Codes
04/20/2021
Total Payment Amount
Procedure Original Supervising Code Insurance Plan Provider
*SELF PAY* [0]
Reason For
Payment
Payment for
Todays Service
Method of
Payment
CASH
Amount
$139.00
$139.00




ME
MedExpress
Non-Employer Health Services Related Rapid Test
Result Sheet

(Hoja de resultados de prueba rápida relacionada con
servicios de salud de no empleadores)
Time: 3: 180m
Patient phone: 413-264-9810
(Teléfono del paciente)

4/20/2021 Date:
(Fecha) (Hora)
Becky L Barnes Patient name:
2/3/1986 DOB:
(Nombre del paciente) (FDN)

Reason for test:
(Motivo de la prueba)
Parent/guardian request
(Solicitud de padre/tutor)
Personal request other DCF
(Solicitud personal) (Otro)
Expiration date: 2023-4-30
(Fecha de vencimiento)
Testcup lot #: D0010585

(No. de lote del vaso de prueba)
This testing is for screening purposes only. Please call with any questions.
(Esta prueba solo tiene fines de detección. Porfavor llámenos si tiene alguna pregunta.)
Specimen temperature (Temperatura de la muestra)
☑Within 90-100°F range ☐ Out of range
(Dentro del rango de 90-100°F) (Fuera de rango)
Adulteration strip (Tira de adulteración)
Collector instructions:

(Instrucciones para el recolector)
Temp out of range; proceed with direct observation send-out
procedures.
(Temp. fuera de rango; realizar procedimientos de envío de
observación directa.)

Adulteration out of range; proceed with direct observation
send-out procedures. n range Out of range
(Dentro de rango) (Fuera de rango) (Adulteración fuera de rango; realizar procedimientos de envío
de observación directa.)

5 panel - Marijuana, PCP, Opiates, Methamphetamines, Amphetamines, and Cocaine
(5 paneles - Marihuana, PCP, Opiáceos, Metanfetaminas, Anfetaminas y Cocaína)
Screening result (Resultado de detección):
☑ Negative (Negativo) ☐ Non-negative (No negativo) - Stop, further testing is needed. Package specimen and send to lab

for confirmation testing. UDS Specimen ID#
(Deténgase, se necesitan más pruebas. Empaque la muestra y envíela al laboratorio para pruebas de confirmación. No. de
identificación UDS de la muestra)

10 panel – Amphetamines, Methamphetamines, Cocaine metabolites, Marijuana metabolites, Opiates, Oxy, Barbiturates,
Benzodiazepines, Methadone, and MDMA


(10 paneles - Anfetamina, metanfetaminas, metabolitos de cocaína, metabolitos de marihuana, opiáceos, oxi, barbitúricos,
benzodiacepinas, metadona y MDMA)
MedExpress 1312 Boston Road Springfield MA 01119-133 (413) 782-0784


Urgent Care MSO, LLC ("MSO") es un proveedor de servicios de gestión para atención médica u otra urgencia, guardias y centros en el sitio, operados en múltiples estados comо
"MedExpress" (en adelante, denominada "Práctica en consultorio privado"). Las Prácticas en consultorios privados tienen total autoridad con respecto a la atención de los pacientes y todas
las tomas de decisiones médicas. De ninguna manera MSO determinaró ni fijará los métodos, estándares o conducción de la práctica medicinal o de atención médica proporcionada en
cualquier Práctica en consultorio privado o por cualquiera de sus profesionales. MSO ofrece servicios de consultoría y ofrece recomendaciones a través de su Funcionario médico principal para su

que sean considerados, rechazados, revisados e implementados por las Prácticas en consultorios privados, según lo estime conveniente.
Non-Employer Health Services Related Rapid Test Result Sheet |Hoja de resultados de prueba rápida relacionada con servicios de salud de no
empleadores 10.24.19




ME
MedExpress

Screening result (Resultado de detección):
im KNegative (Negativo) ☐ Non-negative (No negativo) -
eوی
Non-Employer Health Services Related Rapid Test
Result Sheet

(Hoja de resultados de prueba rápida relacionada con
servicios de salud de no empleadores)
Stsi futl rstngiontert,puoape pecinena n sendtlao fo confrnato tste uDs pecime,/:e0 / ID# Cray

(Deténgase, se necesitan más pruebas. Empaque la muestra y envíela al laboratorio para pruebas de confirmación. No. de
identificación UDS de la muestra)
Refusal to test
(Se rehúsa a la prueba)
☐ Declines confirmation testing

(Declina la prueba de confirmación)
To be completed by collector (Para ser llenado por el recolector):
I certify that the specimen identified on this form is the specimen presented to me by the donor, and that it has been
collected and tested as in accordance with the applicable requirements.
(Certifico que la muestra identificada en este formulario es la muestra que me presentó el donante, y ha sidо
recolectada y evaluada, de acuerdo con los requisitos aplicables.)
o

(Firma del recolector)
Collector's printed name: MedExpress, SPFB
(Nombre en mayúsculas del recolector)
To be completed by the donor (Para ser llenado por el donante):
hond
Pilo

I certify that I provided my urine specimen to the collector; that I have not adulterated it in any manner and that the
information provided on this form is correct. I further acknowledge and agree that the results of the drug test will only
be released to me.

(Certifico que proporcioné mi muestra de orina al recolector, que no la he adulterado de ninguna manera, y que la
información proporcionada en este formulario es correcta. Además, reconozco y acepto que los resultados de la prueba
de detección de drogas solo se me entregarán a mí.)
Patents (Firma del paciente)Reeky o
Patient's printed name: Becky L Barnes
(Nombre en mayúsculas del paciente)

Declination of confirmation testing (Declinación de las pruebas de confirmación):
By signing below I acknowledge I do not want my urine specimen sent for confirmation testing and understand the rapid
testing is for screening purposes only.

(Al firmar en la parte inferior, reconozco que no deseo que se envíe mi muestra de orina para pruebas de confirmación,
y entiendo que la prueba rápida solo tiene fines de detección.)
Patient's signature:

(Firma del paciente)
Patient's printed name: Becky L Barnes
Def off:
MedExpress 1312 Boston Road

(Nombre en mayúsculas del paciente)
Springfield MA 01119-133 (413) 782-0784

Urgent Care MSO, LLC ("MSO")es un proveedor de servicios de gestión para atención médica u otra urgencia, guardias y centros en el sitio, operados en múltiples estados como
"MedExpress" (en adelante, denominada "Práctica en consultorio privado"). Las Prácticas en consultorios privados tienen total autoridad con respecto a la atención de los pacientes y todas
las tomas de decisiones médicas. De ninguna manera MSO determinará ni fijará los métodos, estándares o conducción de la práctica medicinal o de atención médica proporcionada en
cualquier Práctica en consultorio privado o por cualquiera de sus profesionales. MSO ofrece servicios de consultoría y ofrece recomendaciones a través de su Funcionario médico principal para
que sean considerados, rechazados, revisados e implementados por las Prácticas en consultorios privados, según lo estime conveniente.
Non-Employer Health Services Related Rapid Test Result Sheet |Hoja de resultados de prueba rápida relacionada con servicios de salud de no
empleadores 10.24.19



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 DCF-2074
(REVISED 09/27/2008) STATE OF CONNECTICUT
DEPARTMENT OF CHILDREN AND FAMILIES
INVESTIGATION PROTOCOL

Case Name: Barbra Pelletier Case Number: 422925

9/8/21 ISW received a TC from Birth23 coordinator reporting that the referral has been accepted and that they will be calling mother.


9/8/21 ISW TC CPS MA Ongoing SW, Courtney Seimon ph# 413-896-4617. Courtney confirms that father has visits with his children in MA on Wednesday's and Friday's. Ms. Seimon confirms that mother does join these visits with father to have the children spend time with their sibling. Ms. Seimon reports she has no concerns with mother. Ms. Seimon reports her concerns are with father.

Ms. Seimon reports that their was an investigation on mother with CPS MA but that was closed out. Ms. Seimon reports that she believes this was a "vindictive report" made by Becky Barnes. Ms. Seimonn reports that this happens often between Ms. Barnes and Mr. Barnes. Ms. Seimon provides ISW with ph# 413-205-0500 to request CPS MA records.


9/8/21  ISW TC CPS MA and s/w Roxy ph#413-205-0500 to request records from CPS MA. Roxy advised ISW to send a letter of records
request to f# 413-205-0650.


9/8/21 ISW faxed a RECORDS REQUEST letter to fax # 413-205-0650.

9/8/21 ISW sent an IFCS referral via electronically.

9/8/21 ISW received the DMV/NCIC/CRIM check results as follows:

9/9/21 ISWTC Cooley Dickinson OBGYN ph# 413-586-9866 and s/w Jill. Jill reports that the office received ISW fax of the ROI and will have Amy Mid-Wife call ISW back directly with any questions ISW may have. Jill confirms that Amy is in the office today.


9/9/21 ISW TC



9/9/21 ISW conducted a scheduled HV with mother and child. ISW arrived with appropriate PPE. Mother answere the room door. Mother was
observed to appear fatigue. Mother reports she has been having a rough couple of days this week and her anxiety is high. Mother was
observed to have rapid speech when speaking with ISW. Mother further reports that she has been in communication with her therapist about
it and she will be increasing the dose for her Adderall soon. Mother reports her ADHD has been pretty bad this week. Mother denies any SI/HI.
Mother reports she has been dealing with father's wife causing drama because mother was in Palmer, MA with father fixing her car. mother was only up there fixing her car and to get a break and allow the family to spend time with Renesmee, mother reports this is nice for her she gets to relax a bit whereas at home it is just her and the baby. Mother further reports that she and father are still not together and she doesn't plan on being with him. ISW asked mother if she was ever engaged to father. Mother reports she was in the past but left him due to him going back with to his wife, Becky Barnes approximately 7 times. ISW asked mother why she continued to take him back and mother reports she stayed with him because of the relationship she had with his older children and the 4 children that were removed from his care.
Mother proceeded to show ISW the engagement ring father gave her that was observed to be in the ring box on the kitchen table.



Mother further reports that she has been up frequently due to Renesmee having a lot of gas and discomfort. Mother reports Renesmee has
been eating 4-6 oz every 3-4 hours but she is not voiding. Mother reports she is worried because Renesmee is not sleeping throughout the night and only take "naps" throughout the day. ISW and mother discussed Birth23 and IFCS referral. Mother reports she is still willing to work with providers and will take any help she can get. ISW asked mother when Renesmee's next doctor's appointment is. Mother reports she is 9/17/21 @ 2pm.

 
 reports

 her
 as



scheduled to see Ludlow

 Pediatrics
 

Renesmee was observed to be sleeping in the center of the queen sized bed. mother reports she lets her nap there as this is the only place
she can get a good nap without being uncomfortable. ISW observed Renesmee's crib next to mother's bed. The sleep arrangements were appropriate. SAFE Sleep discussed with mother. mother understood. Renesmee woke up while ISW was in the home. Mother picked her up and handed Renesmee to ISW. Renesmee was alert and happy without any marks, bruises, cuts, scratches, burns etc. Mother reports she is so blessed to have Renesmee as a child and hopes that her stomach discomfort settles. mother shows ISW gas relief droplets and stomach
discomfort medicine for children. ISW advised mother to bring Renesmee to the closest hospital in the meantime before pediatric appointment on 9/17/21 if the symptoms continue to get worst. Mother agreed and reports she feel hopeless because nothing is working for th child.
 
Mother reports that Baystate Hospital has a pediatric unit in the ER that she is comfortable with.


ISW ended the visit without any concern.


9/9/21 ISW received a TC back from Amy MIDWIFE at Cooley Dickenson OBGYN. AMy reports that mother was consistent with her prenatal
care in which she began early in her pregnancy 11/2020. Amy reports that mother tested positive for cocaine 1 time 1/4/21 and was negative
for any substances for the remainder of her pregnancy. Amy reports she had a conversation with mother about this positive result and mother
reports she has never done drugs in her life but that father was actively abusing cocaine and she may have touch something that had the substance
on it. Amy reports she has no concerns with mother regarding SU or care for the child. Amy further reports that mother had her





The Allegation Summary and Investigation narrative does not reflect the result of any appeal decisions made on the alleged allegations. 

Investigation ID: 616623

Page 9 of 12

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 October 20th, 2021

To: Who this mv concern.

I Jessica Ingram have been Becky Morrison's (Barnes) Sober Sponsor since she
first lost her children



Unfortunately, with the pandemic we are in Becky was not able to attend
meetings in person, but she did attend meetings over the phone with her ex-husband's niece weekly. I was with her during the time she went on the phone, but
I did not keep record of it. When Becky Lost her children, she came to me for help and at the time all I could do was make her do AA on the phone and not leave her
alone with out me or mv brother. I felt like if we left her a lone her ex-husband
would convince her to see him, and I did not want that because helping them learn
to communicate civilly was very hard and still hasn't happened 100%. Though over
all they are civil unless her ex-husband Irvin Barnes is intoxicated with drugs and
alcohol which it is one or the other or even both because when she refuses to
communicate with him when he is like that, she hangs up on him, so he calls and
or text messages me. He is very dangerous in that condition because that is when
he is physically and verbally abusive. Which I have messages of proof and police
reports myself against Irvin because of the threats he made toward me and my
child! Besides him intoxicated they can aet alone civilly. These are all recent I have
also seen him with my own eyes drinking.


Becky Morrison started attending AA meetings in person instead of on the
phone when things began to reopen in April of 2021. At the time she did not have a
car so I decided it would be best to go with her! We bounced around to too many
different Thursday meetings until we found one that she really liked. Some weeks
we missed at the one she favored but she attended one that was close to where
we were if we were not in Springfield. There was a couple I could not attend with
her due to car trouble or an appointment for mv son. but when I could not be there
my brother (Andrew Cuoco) took her and stayed with her so I would know that she
attended; on those days he did sign in my slot on the chart. Becky Morrison has not
drunk and is either always with mv brother when I am at work or with myself
when he is at work. She feels like a child sometimes, but it is all to insure she has
nothing that makes her want to drink or pushes her to the edge.


Drugs have never been a concern with Becky she stays away from them
because her medication and now that she is regularly taking it as she should she
doesn't drink at all know it will not help her when it is mixed. She has completely
changed now that there is no one yelling and abusing her. Now that she is happy
and in a good situation, she has no urge to drink and is waiting for her happiness
to be complete. She will be 100% happy when she has all four of her girls with her.
She also now doesn't have as many seizures as she used to. With the lack of
unneeded stress and taking her meds properly there is nothing to trigger her seizures! Becky is more than ready to have her girls back and does still plan to do
to AA once a week when she does have them. They will spend that hour with my
son and my mother when her mother cannot come from Worcester to spend the time with them! We have prebared a plan for when she cannot be home since
work at a school, she will try to schedule her own doctor's appointments while
they are in school if that is not possible, she will try for when I myself or her own
mother can be there just like AA. Now that she has her own car transportation is
no longer an issue like it was back in Spring and Summer!



If for some reason you need more information from me and need to speak to
me, I am only available Monday - Friday at and after 4:00pm. If you contact me
before than you can leave me a voice mail or email me, and I will return the call as
soon as I can because my lunch is changeable depending on if I am covering a
teacher's class or not! This may be used as my official statement if need or even
quoted. There is plenty more that can be said on how much has changed with
Becky for the better and what has not changed with Irving, but this is pretty much
the Basic of the information

My phone number is 413-519-4793

Email: Missl12590@amail.com

If you have documents, I need to fill out my address is
221 Osborne Ter, Springfield. MA 01104

Thank You for your time!

Sincerely,


Jessica Ingram

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 MP P
Massachusetts Child Psychiatry Access Project
Date: 1/28/21



Provider Name: Anu Pathak, MD


Sturbridge Professional Services
85 South Street
Southbridge, MA 01550
Phone: 508-765-2700
Fax: 508-764-2563



RE: Selena Morrison-Barnes
DOB: 11/6/2011 (9)



Due to the current global pandemic of COVID-19, this visit was conducted over videо
conferencing via Doximity with national social distancing guidelines. Data gathered
during this visit was by parent / guardian report and patient self-report. Patient's parent
/guardian provided verbal consent to conducting the visit via internet. The family was
located in a home setting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts during this telehealth
visit, and gave consent to conduct the visit via telehealth. Provider was located in a
Baystate Medical Practice office in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.


Persons other than patient involved in telehealth visit included: Selena's father's cousin,
Rosanne Barnes.


Time spent on phone with family: 90 mins


Dear Dr. Pathak,


Thank you for referring Selena (9) for consultation within our MCPAP program. I had
the pleasure of meeting her with her "Aunt" today via telehealth. In your conversation
with Dr. Daly on 10/30/20 I understand that Selena is one of 4 sisters you have referred
due to a long history of concerns regarding neglect and trauma who were removed from
their mother's care by DCF in June and placed with their father. They have all moved
from Palmer to Indian Orchard with Salena's father's cousin, Rosanne Barnes.


Selena is the 3rd of the 4 sisters. She has a history of preterm birth at 24 weeks
gestation weighing 1 lbs 7 oz. At the time of the referral you shared that she had
difficult behaviors such as screaming, fighting and would not go to school.
She had a diagnosis of ADHD and was taking Adderall 20 mg in am and 10 mg in the pm,
Guanficine 1 mg ½ tab in am and ½ tab in pm and Trazadone 100mg in pm.


PSYCHIATRIC TX: Selena has not received any therapy although several IHT providers
have been involved in the past with the family. Recently a team from Youth Villages has
started working with Selena's older sister and aunt, and plans to include all the family in
time.


1/13/20 to 1/30/20, (8 years old) Baystate Child Partial Hospitalization Program
Concern: Referred by Crisis due to escalating issues of dysregulation, aggression and
self-harming behaviors, (banging head against wall, swearing, attempting to scratch and
choke herself, bolting, property destruction, and physical aggression towards others).
Triggers: Being restrained in school, the word "no", being told not to touch other
people's things and when she does not get what she wants.


Selena was reported to do well in the Partial Program, which offered a small group of 6
children and several adults, a lot of support for emotional sharing and learning and
calming curriculum. She was discharged with:

Working Diagnosis:
ADHD by history
r/o Learning disorders
r/o mood/anxiety
DCF involved

Medications:
Prescriptions/Home Medications
Clonidine (cloNIDine 0.1 mg oral tablet)
1 tablet, By Mouth, Daily at bedtime

Oseltamivir (Tamiflu 45 mg oral capsule)
1 capsule, By Mouth, 2 times a day for 5 days

lisdexamfetamine (Vyvanse 20 mg oral capsule)
1 capsule, By Mouth, Daily in AM


Impression and Recommendations

Recommendations:


* Follow up with outpatient providers for medication management and outpatient
therapeutic providers.


* Maintain positive and effective sleep hygiene skills: read a book, have the same bed
time each night, get comfortable in bed, take a shower/bath, use a night light, do
not eat right before bed, no caffeinated or sugary drinks before bed, remove
electronics, and follow the same routine each night.


* Supervised play with other children is encouraged, to ensure appropriate peer
boundaries and social skills


Transition back to school:
*Follow up with school and review accommodations outlined in IEP.



totaling 8x 30 mins/week.


Selena moved fom Wales to Palmer at some point. Rosanne said that Selena started to
have extreme behavioral issues there and her mother was in conflict with the schools to
the point that they would no longer let Selena's mother on the property. Selena's
mother then began the home schooling and Rosanne helped her to enroll Selena and
her sisters in the Greenfield Commonwealth Virtual School where she has been
attending since.


MEDICAL HX: Rosanne reported that Selena was born at 24 weeks gestation weighing 1
lb. 7 oz. Her mother was very ill with kidney stones at the time of the birth and ended in
a Coma for some time. Selena was in the UMass Worcester NICU for 2½ months. She
has Retinopathy of Prematurity which has caused vision loss in both eyes, she wears
glasses.


She is currently taking medication to help with attention and sleep; Adderall 20 mg in
am and 10 mg in the pm, Guanficine 1 mg ½ tab in am and ½ tab in pm and Trazadone
100mg in pm.


DEVELOPMENTAL HX: no information


PRESENTATION: At the time of the virtual visit Rosanne did not answer her phone. I
learned from Irvin that Selena was having a hard time and Rosanne was dealing with it.
I was able to connect an hour later and Rosanne said that Selena had been having
tantrums 2-3 xs a week for the past 2 weeks.



Selena presented physically as her age, a bit disheveled, with long hair and bangs in her
eyes, an overbite and not wearing glasses. She moved in and out of the screen, seeming
distracted by the other people in the room and resistant to engage positively. She held
and played with some slime, which she shared that she liked, and was more available for
talking while she had it in her hands. She said she did not know the names of her sisters
and she does not go to home school. She said her mother was Barbie and Barbie was
"Preggy", her father and Barbie are having a girl. She said she wanted a brother. She
said she does not like homeschool because she rather be able to play with her friends.
She said she does not have friends in the virtual school. She left the room when she said
she was angry because she wants her tablet, and I asked what had happened. (Her
father had taken from her as a disciplinary measure.) She never returned to talk with
me but came in the room and answered some of the questions I was asking Rosanne.
Rosanne's phone died at that point and we did not reconnect.



Selena's teachers filled out the following questionnaires:
1/27/21, Teacher Vanderbilt Assessment Scale, completed by 2nd grade teacher, Joanna
Flynn
Predominantly Inattentive subtype: 6 (6/9 significant)



Occupational Therapy assessment


2) Given Selena's cognitive and academic delays and disabilities her family may consider
enrolling her in the Springfield Public Schools so that she has in school services, peer
interaction and support with social skills, once COVID-19 remote schooling is no longer
necessary.


3) Selena would benefit from therapy. The whole family needs support, so I fully
support the DCF referral the intensive care team, Youth Villages. As they are involved
they can make the appropriate referrals, exploring outpatient verses In Home Therapу
for the family as a whole and individually.


4) Regarding medication, I did discuss the general medication concerns with Dr. Waslick,
the MCPAP Team Medical Director. He did not see this child in person, but reviewed the
consultation letter and discussed the case with me.


In reviewing the available information, he felt that at this point, there is clinical
information that Selena may possibly have issues and concerns that could indicated a
diagnosis of ADHD, hercurrent medication regimen overall seems appropriate, and her
symptoms may be relatively well-controlled, although he felt that Selena and her family
continue to have other mental health and social needs that are addressed with
recommendations elsewhere in this consultation. He thought that following the other
recommendations made in this consultation letter would be helpful for Selena. Hе
thought that if any changes to her treatment need to be considered down the road that
you could use the MCPAP Clinical Guidelines for ADHD regarding medication choice and
treatment guidelines (http://www.mcpap.com/pdf/MCPAPGuidelines-Pearls-Book.pdf).
If you would like to discuss this case with Dr. Waslick or one of the team MCPAP
psychiatric specialists, please feel free to contact Dr. Waslick or the child psychiatric
provider on-call as needed.


Dr. Waslick has reviewed the content of this paragraph and agrees that this content
reflects his recommendations.


Please know that the team members at MCPAP are available for further consultation as
needed for this patient going forward. I can be reached directly at 413-322-4318.
Thank you again for the referral and we look forward to continued collaboration with
you and your practice.

Sincerely,
Martine Vanpee, LICSW
МСРАР-Licensed Behavioral Health Clinician

Baystate Medical Center
150 Lower Westfield Road
Holyoke, MA 01040 413-322-4318 cc: Parent/Guardian




Predominantly Hyperactive/Impulsive subtype: 3 (6/9 significant)
ADHD Combined Inattentive/Hyperactivity: 9 (6/9 in both above significant)
Oppositional-Defiant/ Conduct Disorder Screen: 0 (8 blank) (3/10 significant)
Anxiety/Depression Screen: 1 (6 blank) (3/7 significant)
Performance questions: 5 (4 or 5 significant)



Problematic: Reading, Mathematics, Written expression
Somewhat of a Problem: Following directions, disrupting class




1/27/21, Teacher Vanderbilt Assessment Scale, completed by 2nd grade teacher, Nicole
Trottier
Predominantly Inattentive subtype: 2 (6/9 significant)
Predominantly Hyperactive/Impulsive subtypе: 3 (2 blank) (6/9 significant)
ADHD Combined Inattentive/Hyperactivity: 5 (6/9 in both above significant)
Oppositional-Defiant/Conduct Disorder Screen: 0 (3/10 significant)
Anxiety/Depression Screen: 0 (3/7 significant)
Performance questions: 4 (4 or 5 significant)




Somewhat of a Problem: Following directions, disrupting class, assignment completion, Organizational skills



SUMMARY: Selena presented as a socially aware, sensory and fun seeking and loyal to
her family 9 year old with a history of many medical (extreme preterm birth),
developmental and environmental stressors. Intellectual disability and Autism spectrum
remain in question and support her need for an in person school program with small
group and many supports and direct services. Given COVID social distancing it has been
a great plus for her to already have been enrolled in the GCVS; she did not have to go through the many transitions that she would have had to go through if she were enrolled in in-person public school. I do think, however, once the family is clear about
the town they live in and the schools re-open for in-school programs, Selena would benefit from a full day, in school special education program.



DIAGNOSIS:
Unspecified Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disability, F90.9
r/o Unspecified Intellectual Disability, F79
Vision issues


RECOMMENDATIONS:
1) GCVS to complete the full 3 year psychoeducational re-evaluation ASAP. This should include:
Psychological/Cognitive assessment
Educational assessment
Speech/Language assessment


*Review Selena's positive response to the following offered at the program:
- Small academic classroom setting with access to academic and emotional support when needed
- Positive encouragement from staff and teachers
- Structured schedule/environment
- Clear expectations and directions given at the start of each class/lesson
- Frequent check-in's from either a teacher or support staff to ensure on task
participation and understanding
- Noise canceling headphones when needed
- A quiet work space within the classroom
- Access to a coping tool box (small fidget items and sensory toys)
- A visual work completion chart to track goals and progress


SCHOOL HX: Selena is currently enrolled in 2st grade at the Greenfield Commonwealth
Virtual School in Greenfield, although she has been put in the 1st grade class for some
subjects. The GCVS is in the process of completing a 3 year reevaluation. The classes
are all remote and she attends while at home.


Selena was evaluated by the Wales Public Schools in 2018.
WISC-V Score:
Verbal Comprehension: _ (very low range)
Visual Spatial: _ (low range)
Fluid Reasoning: _ (low range)
Working Memory: _ (very low range)
Processing Speed: _ (very low range)
Full Scale 1Q: 71(very low range)


Wait-II
Early academic skills were all well below average


Speech-Language Testing
Articulation skills within average range, receptive and expressive vocabulary skills in
average range. Average to below average in understanding. Receptive skills below expressive skills


Occupational Therapу
Delays with oculomotor, fine motor including hand skills, and visual motor integration skills. Struggled to integrate visual and motor skills effectively.


Physical Therapy
Average gross motor skills


The IEP I was able to see was dated 2/11/19 to 2/10/20 from the Palmer Public Schools.
Selena was in a full inclusion classroom with services that included: Special Education
teacher 1 x 30 mins/week, pull outs for Speech and Language, Special Education and OT


Selena's "aunt", Rosanne Barnes, shared that she is concerned about Selena's moods
and at times she does not want to listen, and said that some have raised the issue of autism.


Selena's father, "aunt" and DCF worker shared her family, school, medical and developmental hx as follows:


FAMILY HX: Selena lives in Indian Orchard with her father's paternal cousin, Rosanne, her father Ervin (47), her 3 sisters Isabella (14), Lilliana (12) and Jada (7), and her father's girlfriend, Barbara, who is pregnant with Selena's paternal half sibling. Selena's mother, Becky (34) lives in Springfield with her partner. Selena has 3 older paternal half siblings ages 26, 21, and ?. Selena's parents currently have shared legal custody but her father has physical custody per DCF, who removed the children from mother's care in June 2020. They have supervised visits with their mother but they have been inconsistent.


Selena's parents have been together for 17 years, they separated in May 2020 when Selena's father says her mother kicked him and the girls out of their Palmer home where they had been living, and he moved in with his cousin Rosanne. He has filed for divorce and anticipates receiving full custody of all the children.


Rosanne has been involved in Selena's family's life for years. Last year she helped them to be enrolled in the Greenfield Commonwealth Virtual School because the girls were experiencing bullying and having trouble attending the Palmer Public Schools where they were living. Rosanne drove to their home every day and helped them while school was running with the work and attendance. Now they are all living in her home and she has continued to help them.


Selena's DCF worker shared that DCF has been involved on and off with the family for 14 years, responding to issues of alleged substance use, domestic violence, and 28 police calls in Palmer and 15 Police calls in Springfield. The calls have mostly been about complaints about others such as selling their things and stalking. Selena and her sisters were removed from their mother's care when she was hospitalized in June 2020 with alcohol induced seizures.


Selena's father reported that he has disability insurance and does some work in construction.


Family psychiatric hx: Selena's "aunt" shared that she believes that Selena's mother has a diagnosis of bipolar disorder, as do Selena's mother's siblings. She said that Selena's father has a history of ADHD, he reads at a 1st grade level and has had issues with mood swings. Selena's sisters have issues with depression, anxiety, PTSD and Learning Disabilities.





















Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Department of Children and Families
Family Action Plan


Action Plan Information:
Case Name (ID): Barnes (3463262)                Case Type: Clinical



Name (ID)
Barnes (1548814) Effective As Of  07/12/2022     Next Regular Update 07/12/2022



Social Worker: Courtney L. Siemon - Robert Van Wart Area Office
Supervisor: NEQUEFA J. CARNEGIE - Robert Van Wart Area Office




Action Plan Participants
Name (Person ID) Relationship to Child(ren) Assessed As

Becky Barnes (12567173) Mother (Biological) of Jada Barnes, Mother
(Biological) of Selena Morrison-Barnes, Mother
(Biological) of Lilliana Barnes, Mother
(Biological) of Isabella Barnes
Parent/Caregiver

Irving Barnes (9450743) Father (Biological) of Jada Barnes, Father
(Biological) of Selena Morrison-Barnes, Father
(Biological) of Lilliana Barnes, Father
(Biological) of Isabella Barnes

Parent/Caregiver

Jada Barnes (15455906) Child

 Selena Morrison-Barnes
(14392576) Child

Lilliana Barnes (12845378) Child

Isabella Barnes (12567178) Child



Clinical Formulation and Focus for Action Plan

This family has been involved with the Department since the birth of their first child for substance exposed newborn for cocaine in 10/2006. Since then, this family has had 37 51A reports filed, 17 screened in and 20 screened out.
Areas of concern include, neglect, emotional neglect, educational neglect, substance abuse, domestic violence, and appropriateness of supervision.

Over the past 16 months, this SW has attempted several times to engage this family with resources and services.

Resources: NEFW for fuel assistance, school advocate, educational coordinator, writing letters to school to request official IEP meetings, set up transportation for Selena during partial, Wonderfund for Christmas, and continued referrals for therapy.

Services:

10/2019, Rachel from BHN IHT for Jada
12/2019, CHD referral for therapy and IHT for all girls
12/2019, Aubrey IHT and TTNS Olivia from CHD for Selena
12/2019, Lauren from ICC for Selena
12/2019, Community Service Institute referral for neurological evaluation for Selena

Family Action Plan

1
dcf



Clinical Formulation and Focus for Action Plan

1/2020, refer all girls to Greenfield Virtual Commonwealth School.
1/2020, work with Sarah Morris from Court Clinic due to truancy
1/2020, referral to Psych Care Associates for all girls
2/2020, UR meetings with providers
3/2020, UR meeting with providers
4/2020, providers stopped due to COVID and lack of compliance from family
6/2020, referral to restorative health and wellness for outpatient for all girls
6/2020, referral for Mrs. Barnes mental health and substance abuse therapy
6/2020, referral for Mr. Barnes and all girls to Gandara for mental health
6/2020, Angela and Traci from IHT working with Jada
7/2020, Rebecca Burgos from BHN for Mrs. Barnes
8/2020, status update for referral for girls via Gandara
9/2020, another referral for Mr. Barnes at Gandara
10/2020, Mr. Barnes works with mental health
11/2020, Martine Vantee from MCPAP started assessment for all girls and recommended Youth Villages
12/2020, Youth Villages referral
12/2020, status update referral for girls at Gandara
1/2021, UR meetings with school and family January 2021
2/2021, River Valley Counseling Referral for all girls


**All these services have either not been able to complete intake because family don't return VM's, complete intake
but only get a few sessions in before the family starts to no show, and/or, says they will work with services and then
start no showing providers. All these providers have shut down services due to noncompliance.


Mr. Barnes has been engaged with mental health since 10/2020 and participating in anger management and
medication evaluation. Collateral update provides Mr. Barnes to be active and participating.
Mrs. Barnes has been working with a mental health therapist since 7/2020 and her provider says she makes it to her appointments. Mrs. Barnes completed a psychiatric evaluation and is prescribed medication (in dictation 9/11/2020).
SW hasn't heard from therapist since 11/2020 and cannot confirm if Mrs. Barnes is still in treatment.



Mrs. Barnes says she completed a substance abuse evaluation, however, therapist says Mrs. Barnes answered every question, 'I'm not an alcoholic' and therapist wasn't able to assess her. 

SW referred Mrs. Barnes to AdCare and Gandara for substance abuse evaluation but they will not complete
assessment because Mrs. Barnes says, 'I'm not an alcoholic' and it would cost her over $1,000.00 to be told she can't complete assessment. (7/17/2020 dictation)


The Department has concerns for crack/cocaine for past use for both Mr. and Mrs. Barnes. Current substance abuse concerns include Mrs. Barnes alcohol due to her having alcohol induced seizures and her blood alcohol content being .269.


Mr. Barnes says he drinks a beer from time to time but doesn't get intoxicated. Mr. Barnes says he smokes marijuana but smokes outside and doesn't let his children know he is smoking.

The Department has concerns for past domestic violence between Mr. and Mrs. Barnes and they wouldn't address concern with SW and they continue to deny all DV.

The Department has significant concerns for the girls mental health since they have been exposed to substances, DV, and nasty communication between Mr. and Mrs. Barnes during their separation.

Mr. and Mrs. Barnes separated in 6/2020 and they both immediately got into new relationships. Mr. and Mrs. Barnes
had 28 police responses/phone calls to both Palmer and Springfield between 6/2020 and 7/2020 because they were
verbally fighting about everything.

Mr. Barnes stated that Mrs. Barnes had attempted to cut her wrists and that is when he left with the children. Jada didn't want to leave so she stayed. DCF had concerns for Jada staying if mother attempted suicide and SW conducted an emergency HV. Mrs. Barnes didn't have any marks on any part of her body that would indicate self-harm. Also, there were no police reports of Mrs. Barnes attempting to self harm. DCF agreed for Jada to stay with


Family Action Plan
2

dcf



Clinical Formulation and Focus for Action Plan
Mrs. Barnes.

Mrs. Barnes had a seizure due to alcohol and then it was recommended Jada living with her father, otherwise, DCF would be seeking legal action. Supervisor conducted a legal consult in 7/2020 but no legal action was recommended since the family agreed Jada living with father.


Mr. Barnes allowed Jada to visit with her mother over a weekend and Jada called aunt Rosanne Barnes to pick her up because she saw drugs and saw 'mommy having sex'.

9/2020 SW completed a safety plan with Mr. Barnes:

1.) the children cannot have unsupervised time with Mrs. Barnes until Mrs. Barnes can demonstrate mental stability, continuing mental health treatment and prescription, and being able to communicate effectively between Mr. Barnes and learn to co parent. 

2.) Mr. Barnes needs to attend mental health treatment and anger management

3.) children need to attend school daily and children need to engage in mental health therapy 3.) parents need to co
parent

4.) if this isn't followed through, DCF will seek legal custody.

5.) individuals need to be approved by DCF who are going to supervise visits between Mrs. Barnes and the children.

Update April 2021:

Mr. Barnes became intoxicated and throwing and breaking items in Rosanne's home. Mr. Barnes throw objects at his girlfriend, Barbie. Rosanne kicked Mr. Barnes out of the home. One of the girls mentioned to SW that Mr. Barnes snorts cocaine and he recently has been saying 'I need something stronger than this'. 

Rosanne informed SW of kicking Mr. Barnes out of the home and the Department completed an emergency action plan in April 2021:

1.) Mr. Barnes isn't allowed to be a caretaker for the children until he can demonstrate sobriety, mental health
stability, and remaining calm during difficult situations

2.) Mr. Barnes needs to go to AdCare and work with a substance abuse therapist to address his drinking alcohol and
using cocaine

3.) Rosanne Barnes, paternal aunt and DCF recommends Isabella, Lilliana, Selena, and Jada to stay with Rosanne
until Rosanne can establish permanency.

4.) Mrs. Barnes is recommended not to be a primary caretaker for the children until she can demonstrate stability with
her current services

5.) If Mr. and or Mrs. Barnes shows up to Rosanne's home unannounced to pick up the children, Rosanne will call the
police.


Rosanne Barnes petitioned for guardianship of all four minor girls after throwing Mr. Barnes out of the home. Prior to
getting a court date for guardianship, the Department filed and was granted C&P. The goal is reunification.


The Department is asking Mr. Barnes to complete an IOP program, develop a relapse prevention plan, gain a sponsor and/or recovery coach, and get into substance abuse therapy.


The Department is asking Mr. Barnes to engage in Nurturing Father's program to learn how his parenting skills impact his children and how he was brought up impact his parenting skills. Mr. Barnes will also learn appropriate ways to communicate with his children and developmental discipline techniques. Mr. Barnes will also learn to use substances when he isn't around his children and/or avoid substance use altogether.


Mrs. Barnes worked at Mis Companeras for domestic violence with Jocelyn in March 2021. Mrs. Barnes says she is
learning how to stay calm in difficult situations and how men can be manipulative. Mrs. Barnes says she graduated,
however, SW hasn't received any certificates yet. During safety planning with the girls on 4/13/2021, one of the girls
told SW they were concerned about mother because when she is on the phone with mother, she hears her boyfriend
calling her nasty names and degrading her. This daughter has told mother to break up with him and she says, 'oh no,
but he loves me'. The Department is wondering what she really learned from domestic violence.

Family Action Plan

dcf
3



Clinical Formulation and Focus for Action Plan
Goal is reunification.
4


Family Action Plan

dcf



Becky Barnes (12567173) - Parent/Caregiver
Birth Sex: Female
Role: Consumer Adult
Relationship to Child(ren):
Age (DOB): 36 Years (02/03/1986)

Mother (Biological) of Jada Barnes, Mother (Biological) of Selena Morrison Barnes, Mother (Biological) of Lilliana Barnes, Mother (Biological) of Isabella
Barnes

Areas of Focus and Observable Changes
Includes specific parent/caregiver behaviors - developed in partnership with the family - that would show
progress in reducing or eliminating identified needs/dangers/risks. Behaviors must be observable by DCF
and/or others.

Parental Resilience
Manages the impact of any mental health issues on parenting. High Need

Observable Changes: Mrs. Barnes will continue to engage in appropriate mental health treatment to address
her reported mental health concerns. She will develop insight into how her mental health has impacted her ability
to parent her children. Progress in this area will be reported by her mental health therapist, and observed during
supervised visits with her children.

Manages impact of any alcohol / drug use on parenting. High Need

Observable Changes: Mrs. Barnes will address her history of substance use by engaging in recommended
substance abuse services including, but not limited to inpatient treatment, IOP, and AA/NA. She will engage in these services consistently as reported by her providers, and provide negative toxicology screens to the
Department on a consistent basis to demonstrate continued sobriety.


Building Social and Emotional Competence of Children

Understands and responds to their child's unique social and emotional needs. Not Applicable
Observable Changes: Mrs. Barnes will not discuss any topics related to the court case, DCF, or make
inappropriate comments related to their care during supervised visits as this causes the children to become escalated and upset. Mrs. Barnes will appropriately address any concerns she has related to the children and her DCF case at an appropriate time with her DCF social worker while the children are not present. Mrs. Barnes will require less re-direction during supervised visits, and will engage appropriately with her children.


Models empathy and creates an environment in which the child feels safe to express their
emotions. Not Applicable

Observable Changes: Mrs. Barnes will allow her children to express their emotions appropriately, and provide them a safe space to do so. Mrs. Barnes will refrain in making any negative comments or blaming the Department or her social worker as it relates to her children's social/emotional wellbeing.


Tasks, Services and Supports
Includes actions that will support or promote the observable changes and any recommended services
and supports that could help in developing, achieving or sustaining these changes in behavior.

Family Action Plan

dcf
5




Consumer Tasks/Services/Supports - Becky Barnes (12567173)

Becky agrees to the following Action Plan tasks:

1. Meet with the Department monthly or as needed, in your home, for case management to assess the family's strengths and needs and progress towards goals.

2. Inform the Department of any address and or phone number changes within 24-Hours of that change. Becky will also inform and provide the Department with demographic information i.e. dates of birth, social security numbers of
any other individuals who are also residing in the family's home.

3. Ensure that the home is safe from any physical hazards and that it is reasonably clean and sanitary. Becky will ensure that there are no safety hazards and will report any possible hazards to the Department within 24 hours.

4. Sign all releases of information for the Department to communicate and worker collaboratively with services providers to assess their strengths and needs within treatment.

5. Cooperate with DCF and other providers to improve her families' circumstances and eliminate the need for services.

6. Provide the Department with documentation regarding her completion of domestic violence education courses or complete a domestic violence program to become educated on the effects of domestic violence and the effects domestic violence has on children. Provide the Department with a copy of the safety plan developed with the domestic violence specialist.

7. Continue to engage in individual therapy services to address history of mental health and trauma from her childhood. Becky will provide the Department with documentation of her treatment plan and follow through with any recommendations deemed necessary. Becky will ensure that she attends all appointments which are recommended.

8. Work with a Psychiatrist to be assessed and take medications as prescribed.

9 Follow through with recommendations made from, your psychological evaluation and parenting assessment, and provide a copy o the completed evaluation and recommendations to the Department.

10. Complete a residential treatment program. The referral is being made as a result of mother's hospitalization and intubation due to alcohol use. Services may be accessed through:

Massachusetts Helpline (https://helplinema.org/) 
Massachusetts Behavioral Health Access Statemer
(https://www.mabhaccess.com/Home.aspx)


11. Complete random drug screens and make the results available to the Department.

12. Attend AA/NA classes and provide this information to the Department.

13. Obtain a Sponsor and begin working with her sponsor to help Ms. Barnes maintain her sobriety.

12. Participate in Family Engagement Project to learn how substance use, mental health, and domestic violence impact parenting and emotional and behavioral impact of children. A referral will be made through the Department.
The program can explore with Ms. Barnes the role alcohol plays in mother's life, the impact it has on her wellbeing/health and parenting, and how mother can address this appropriately. Referrals for FEP are made through Family Networks.

13. Attend all court case and FRC in which you are invited to.

14. Attend all scheduled family time visits, please arrive, on time if you are 15 minutes or later, visits will be forfeited.
Please arrived sober, appropriate and redirect any negative conversations. Please take provision and activities which you may engage in with your children. Please confirm/reschedule/cancel your visit no later than 5 pm the day prior to schedule visit.

15. Make yourself available to participate in any school meeting or doctors appointment, in which you are invited to.


Family Action Plan

6
dcf



DCF Tasks/Services/Supports
social worker agrees to:
1. Visit the home at least on a monthly basis and view/interview all of the family members.
2. Make all necessary service referrals and monitor the provision of services.
3. Monitor the progress of all family members toward achievement of service plan goals.
4. Maintain regular contact with all collateral service providers.
5. Continuously assess the needs of the family and update services as needed.
6. Attend all meetings and/or court dates related to this family.
7. Review and update service plan to reflect the family's progress and any new concerns that arise.
Provider/Other Tasks/Services/Supports
N/A
Family Action Plan

7
dcf

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 William Wonsey
759 Chestnut Street
Springfield Mass, 01109
William.wonsey@baystatehealth.org
413-729-0539
6/6/23

Re: Character Reference for Becky Morrison

To whom it may concern,

I am writing to provide a character reference for Ms. Becky Morrison, who is currently an employee at
Baystate Medical Center. I have had the privilege of working closely with Becky and wanted to highlight
her exceptional work ethic.

During Becky's time with our organization, she has consistently displayed a strong sense of commitment,
professionalism, and integrity. She takes her work responsibilities seriously and consistently goes above
and beyond what is expected of her. Becky is highly dedicated and takes pride in delivering high-quality
work.

Becky's work ethic is commendable, as she consistently meets and often exceeds deadlines without
compromising the quality of her work. She is highly organized and efficient, capable of handling multiple
tasks simultaneously. Additionally, Becky pays meticulous attention to detail, ensuring that her work is
accurate and error-free.

Furthermore, Becky's positive attitude and willingness to collaborate make her a valuable asset to our
team. She communicates effectively with her colleagues and actively contributes to a collaborative and
productive work environment.

Beyond her professional accomplishments, Becky is a person of strong character. She is honest, reliable,
and genuinely cares about the well-being of others. Her integrity is unwavering, and she consistently
upholds the highest ethical standards.

If you require any additional information or have any questions, please feel free to contact me at the
phone number or email address provided above.

Thank you for your attention.

Sincerely,

William Wonsey

2nd Shift Supervisor Environmental Services

 

 







 .

 

GMHC OUTPATIENT MAIN -
Evaluation Summary

Session Information
MORRISON, BECKY (107575) 2/3/1986
Minaya, Mercedes (12813)
10/24/2023
Client Program: (Not Set)

Evaluation Summary
Evaluation Summary

Date: 10/24/2023
To: Kerry Capuccio

Client's Name: BECKY
Client's Last Name: MORRISON
Date of Birth: 2/3/1986
Type of Evaluation: 24Q, Other, Sex Offender ,Anger Management, Parenting, (X- Substance Use) , Mental Health



Findings:
Ms. Morrison, a 38-year-old female, reported she was referred to Gandara Center
to complete a Substance Use evaluation and to follow treatment
recommendations, if any. Ms. Morrison completed a comprehensive assessment
on October 24, 2023. The information gathered as part of this assessment was
utilized to complete the Substance Use evaluation. Ms. Morrison was cooperative
and engaged during the process. She denied any current or past suicidal or
homicidal ideations and was oriented in time, place, and person.

Ms Morrison reported a history of substance use of alcohol starting at the age of
15. The client reports the last usage on June 11, 2023. No other substance use
was reported by the client. The client works full-time at Baystate, her supervisor
William Wonsey provided a performance evaluation and a character reference on
her behalf. Ms. Morrison consistently displayed a strong sense of commitment,
professionalism, and integrity. Her work ethic is commendable, as she
consistently meets and often exceeds deadlines without compromising the quality
of her work.

Ms. Morrison completed three screening tools: the Substance Abuse and Mental
Health Illness Symptoms Screener (SAMISS), the Patient Health Questionnaire
(PHQ-9), and the Alcohol Use Disorder Identification Test (AUDIT). The SAMISS
showed no concerns with substance abuse or mental illness. The PHQ-9 results
showed a score of 0 indicating no concerns with depression at this time. The
AUDIT indicated a low risk of health problems related to Alcohol use and no
recommended treatment is needed at this time. The client could benefit from
Individual therapy to work on finding ways to manage anxiety and bipolar
symptoms through cognitive restructuring, identifying strengths and building more
coping skills.

Recommendations: 
O Client was found to be
appropriate for
X Client was found to be inappropriate for groups 
O Other

And we recommend: Individual therapy


Signatures
Signature #1: Mercedes Minaya (MA) - 11/6/2023 10:49 PM
Signature #2: Enrique Vargas (LADC 1) - 11/7/2023 2:10 PM


Signature History
Action Date Staff 
Document Signed 11/6/2023 Mercedes Minaya,Clinician - Master's (MA)
Document Signed 11/7/2023 Enrique Vargas, Clinical Supervisor (LADC 1)


MORRISON, BECKY (107575) 1 of 1 Date Printed: 11/8/2023 11:27 AM

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Morrison, Becky L
Custodian Specialty


2024 Employee Review
Organization: S01093 Environmental Services O (Arielies Diaz
Diaz)
Location: BMC Main Campus
01/01/2024 - 12/31/2024


Manager: Arielies Diaz Diaz
Evaluated By: Arielies Diaz Diaz



Overall Performance Rating & Comments
Manager Overall Evaluation

Rating:  Below Expectations
Comment:  Becky Morrison is rated below expectations in this area due to receiving previous coaching and/or
corrective action for the following reasons attendance as well for unauthorized absence from assigned
work area or taking a break in an unapproved break area/loitering and Photo Identification - ID Badge.
Although Becky M. possesses necessary knowledge and skills to do the job. She performs the work
according to job productivity standards of the position. Becky can be counted on to perform work with
minimal supervision.


Employee Overall Evaluation
Rating:
Comment:


Performance
Job Knowledge
Possesses necessary knowledge and skill to do the job.
Asks appropriate questions and seeks out information as necessary to enhance knowledge that
might be lacking.
Understands job priorities and works accordingly.
Takes job coaching and training seriously and applies conceptions/skills to the job.


Manager Evaluation
Rating: Below Expectations

Employee Evaluation
Rating:


Quality of Work
Pays close attention to accuracy and detail.
Performs work according to job requirements.
Makes minimal mistakes, errors and omissions.
Recommends improvements and practical solutions.

Manager Evaluation
Rating: Below Expectations

Employee Evaluation
Rating:



Quantity of Work
Achieves maximum productivity.
Organizes work to enhance productivity.
Meets the productivity standards of the position.
Uses time efficiently and effectively.


















Manager Evaluation
Rating: Below Expectations

Employee Evaluation
Rating:


Work Ethic

Is punctual and begins work as scheduled.
Comes to work on a consistent basis and does not miss excess amounts of work.
Can be counted on to complete tasks/assignments in a timely manner.
Can be counted on to keep word and deliver on promises.


Manager Evaluation Employee Evaluation
Rating: Below Expectations Rating:

Employee Evaluation
Rating:

Section Summary
Manager Evaluation

Comment: Becky Morrison is rated below expectations in
this area due to receiving previous coaching
and/or corrective action for
Unauthorized absence from assigned work
area, photo identification - ID Badge and
attendance.

Employee Evaluation
Comment:


Annual Compliance Validation

All required annual online trainings were completed in Elsevier by the due date of this performance year.
Manager Evaluation
Rating: Yes

Employee Evaluation
Rating:


Clinical Validation

All required competencies, including age-specific as applicable, have been validated. This is used to
track clinical competencies for Joint Commission.

Manager Evaluation
Rating: Not Applicable



Baystate Core Competencies

Collaboration

Building partnerships and working together to meet shared objectives.
Competency Behaviors (examples):

Models co-operation within their department.
Facilitates open communication with others.
Compromises to achieve a greater good in support of team/organization.
Works cooperatively with others.
Balances own interests while being fair to others.














Partners with others to get work done. Credits others for their contributions and accomplishments.
Gains trust and support of others.

Manager Evaluation
Rating: Below Expectations

Employee Evaluation
Rating:




Courage

Stepping up to address difficult issues, saying what needs to be said.

Competency Behaviors (examples):
• Tackles difficult issues with optimism and confidence.
Willing to take on challenging assignments.
Advocates for patients and colleagues' best interests.
Willing to champion an idea or position despite opposition.
Voices opinion respectfully on behalf of patients, colleagues and self even when difficult or in contrast to others' views.
Willing to act outside of the typical scenarios to meet the needs of patients and their families.
Looks for ways to lessen “avoidable suffering" involved during a person's healthcare journey.

Manager Evaluation
Rating: Below Expectations

Employee Evaluation
Rating:





Ownership
Holding self and others accountable to meet commitments.
Competency Behaviors (examples):

Assumes responsibility for the outcomes of others, as well as self.
Promotes a sense of urgency and establishes and enforces individual accountability in the team.
Is on top of what is going on and knows where things stand.
Offers assistance and takes measures to add to others' comfort.
Works with people to establish explicit performance standards.
Takes personal responsibility for decisions, actions, and failures.
Asks for and acts upon feedback of self.
Takes action to remedy situations and equipment that are unsafe or detract from the physical environment.
Owns every hand-off until it is complete.
* Provides balanced feedback at the most critical times.
* Follows through on commitments. Acts with a clear sense of ownership.

* For Managers & Above.
Manager Evaluation
Rating: Below Expectations
Employee Evaluation
Rating:



Service focus
Building strong patient, co-worker and provider relationships that meet and exceed their expectations.

Competency Behaviors: (examples):
Anticipates patient, co-worker, and provider needs and provides services that are beyond their expectations.
Uses customer feedback to proactively offer improvements.
Gains insight into patient, co-worker and provider needs.
Identifies opportunities that benefit our patients, co-workers, and providers.
Meets people's physical and emotional needs and takes action to support them.
Expresses compassion for those we serve.
Partners with patients, families and/or co-workers in shared decision-making about their well-being.





















Manager Evaluation
Rating: Below Expectations

Employee Evaluation
Rating:



Values Differences

Recognizing the value that different perspectives and cultures bring to the organization.

Competency Behaviors (examples):

Seeks out information about a wide variety of cultures and viewpoints.
Demonstrates understanding and respect for different values and points of view.
Senses how differences will play out in terms of needs, values, and motivators.
Contributes to a work climate where differences are valued and supported.
Applies others' diverse experiences, styles, backgrounds, and perspectives to get results.
Seeks to understand different perspectives, concerns, and cultures.

* For Managers & Above.

Manager Evaluation
Rating:   Below Expectations

Employee Evaluation
Rating:



Section Summary

Manager Evaluation

Comment:
Becky Morrison has struggled to maintain
Baystate's core competencies of
(Collaboration, Courage, Ownership, Service,
Valuing Differences) by receiving multiple
corrective action through the year of
2024.Becky should continue to improve her
attendance and quality of work.


Employee Evaluation
Comment:



Annual Performance Goals

Bed Turnaround Times

Applicable to all teletracking users in department. Year end bed throughput times. Target for BMC 70 min or less. Threshold targets below:

greater than80 Min Does Not Meet Expectations
71-80 Min Below Expectations
65-70 Min Meets Expectations
60-65 Min Exceeds Expectations
less than60 Min Exemplary

Due Date: 08/01/2023

Status: Completed




Category: Annual Performance Goal


Organization Alignment:


Manager Evaluation


Rating: Exceeds Expectations

Comment: Fiscal year bed turnaround time was 64.6
minutes for the department on 103,197 total
bed cleans! Thank you for prioritizing


Employee Evaluation
Rating:
Comment:













discharge cleans to expedite our patient care
and experience. As BMC continues to see
high levels of patient volumes, our impact on
turnaround times has a tangible impact on
patient care in our Emergency Department &
Operating Rooms.



Hand Hygiene

All Staff, yearly hand hygiene compliance.

less than70% Does not Meet
71-84% Below Expectations
85-90% Meets Expectations
91-95% Exceeds Expectations
greater than95% Exemplary





Due Date: 08/01/2023

Status: Completed

Category: Annual Performance Goal

Organization Alignment:

Manager Evaluation

Rating: Below Expectations
Comment: Fiscal year Hand Hygiene compliance was
80% hand hygiene performed on way in, 87%
performed on the way out of patient rooms.
Collectively we are below expectations of our
department goal of 85% and the hospital goal
of 95%. Please continue to be mindful of
hand hygiene practice and compliance when
working in and out of patient rooms. Change
gloves between rooms and do not wearing
gloves in the hallways. Practicing good hand
hygiene is the single most important way you
can protect patients and yourself.



Employee Evaluation
Rating:
Comment:



HCAHPs (Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems)

Applicable to all job titles, year to date HCAHPs score for Environmental cleanliness question "During your stay, how often
were your room and restroom kept clean?" Annual score 67.9 for BMC. Threshold targets below:

less than60% Does Not Meet Expectations
61-64% Below Expectations
65-67% Meets Expectations
67.1-68% Exceeds Expectations
greater than68% Exemplary


Due Date: 08/01/2023 

Status: Completed

Category: Annual Performance Goal

Organization Alignment:



















Manager Evaluation

Rating: Meets Expectations

Comment: Fiscal year HCAHPs score for Environmental
Cleanliness question "During your stay, how
often were your room and restroom kept
clean?" scored 65.8%, putting the
department meeting expectations. Some
ways you can impact HCAHPs are by:
ensuring daily cleans are done to department
standard and passed on to leadership if
missed; by engaging with your patients,
explaining what you are doing during the
cleaning process, and asking patients and
family if there is anything else they need.
FY25 Department Goal will be 66.5%, let's
continue the great work in improving patient
satisfaction.






Individual Attendance

Yearly cumulative unplanned time. Below are threshold targets:

greater than60 Hours UPV Does not Meet
40-60 Hours UPV Below Expectations
0-39 Hours UPV Meets Expectations
0 Hours UPV Exceeds Expectations
Perfect Attendance Exemplary

Due Date: 08/01/2023

Category: Annual Performance Goal


Organization Alignment: 

Manager Evaluation

Rating: Below Expectations
Comment:

Becky Morrison accrued 24 hours between
10/1/23 & 9/30/24, which is meets
department expectation. Becky M. received
verbal warning for their unplanned time.
Please look to improve and sustain your
attendance through FY25.
Employee Evaluation
Rating:
Comment:
Status: Completed


Employee Evaluation
Rating:
Comment:


Vericlean

Annual score/percentage of Vericlean inspections for Custodian and Custodian Specialty Staff. Below are threshold targets:

less than70% Does Not Meets Expectations
71-89% Below Expectations
90% Meets Expectations
91-95% Exceeds Expectations
greater than96% Exemplary


Due Date: 08/01/2023 Status: Completed


















Category: Annual Performance Goal

Organization Alignment:
Manager Evaluation

Rating: Exemplary

Comment:
Becky Morrison was Vericlean inspected 21
times throughout FY24, and had an overall
score of 97.04%. Department goal is to score
90% or better on all Vericlean inspections.
Vericlean is the department's measure for
tracking the quality of our cleaning in patient
care settings, which is directly related to
patient safety. Thank you for ensuring your
cleaning is done to department standard and
for keeping our patients safe.


Employee Evaluation
Rating:
Comment:




Feedback

Section Summary




Manager Evaluation
Comment:

Employee Evaluation
Comment:




















The Commonwealth of Massachusetts

Executive Office of Health and Human Services
Department of Children and Families

600 Washington St, 6th Floor, Boston, MA 02111
Phone: (617) 748-2000 * Fax (617) 261-7435


Governor
Kimberley Driscoll
Lieutenant Governor
Kathleen E. Walsh
Secretary
Staverne Y. Miller
Acting Commissioner



FCR-1035
Morrison-barnes, Becky
152 Vincent Street,
Springfield, MA 01129



03/08/2024
FOSTER CARE REVIEW REPORT


FAMILY (Case ID): Barnes (3463262)
REVIEW DATE/TIME: 01/17/2024 9:30 AM  
LOCATION: Robert Van Wart Area Office 
(B) 112 Industry Avenue
Springfield, MA 01104


REVIEW PANEL: Case Reviewer: Mandie Palubeckis
Second Party: Mojica, Miosotis
Volunteer: Schneider, Stephen



ATTENDEES: 
Name       Role
Barnes, Lilliana     Child
Browne, Shealynn B.   Foster parent
Cappuccio, Kerri   DCF Case Manager Assigned to Parents and Children
Coffman, Jamie   Group Care Representative
Caney, Shannon   Collateral
Emery, Aviana   Group Care Representative
 



Gerova-wilson, Tsvetelina    Child's Attorney
Hay, Nicolette L.    Supervisor
Morales, Barbara   Group Care Representative
Morrison-barnes, Becky   Mother
Chd/ Chicopee / 340 Grove St.      Placement Resource




REF No.: 2482884 Page 01 of 22
dcf









Name Role
Gandara / Springfield / 25 MoorlandPlacement Resource

CHILDREN REVIEWED: All children who are open consumers with the Department



Child Name    DOB/Age at Review   Current Placement Type/Start Date  Current Legal Status/Date


Barnes, Isabella  10/28/2006-17 Years Departmental Foster Care -   Tier I Unrelated/04/26/2021  Court Ordered /06/07/2023


Barnes, Jada 11/01/2013-10 Years Treatment Residence -Intensive Treatment Residence  Enhanced/12/14/2023    Court Ordered /  06/07/2023

Barnes, Lilliana 07/25/2008-15 Years Departmental Foster Care - Court Ordered / Tier I Unrelated/09/14/2023 Court Ordered/  09/14/2023    

Morrison-barnes, Selena 11/06/2011-12 Years Emergency Residence-Emergency Residence/01/12/2024 Court Ordered /  06/07/2023






PURPOSE OF A FOSTER CARE REVIEW:

Federal and state laws require that the Department operate a system of foster care
review dedicated to engaging key participants in a timely and periodic review of all
cases involving children in out-of-home care. The purpose of Foster Care Review is to
assess the progress being made to address the reason(s) for the Department's
involvement with the family and to examine and make recommendations to safely
achieve permanency for the child(ren). This Foster Care Review Report includes the
Determinations required to be made by the Foster Care Review panel, a summary of
information gathered through the review process and may include recommendations
offered by review participants to assist in achieving permanency for the child(ren) and
supporting individuals in achieving desired outcomes. The Determinations and
recommendations provide guidance for the next period of action planning, decision-making, and casework (up to 6 months).


APPEAL AND GRIEVANCE INFORMATION:


REF No.: 2482884 Page 02 of 22
dcf











Parents/guardians, foster/pre-adoptive parents, children's attorneys and children age
14 and older may appeal the Foster Care Review determination to change the child's
PERMANENCY PLAN by requesting a Fair Hearing within 30 calendar days after receiving
the Foster Care Review Report. All other FCRU determinations can be appealed through
the grievance process. A party may only file an appeal on their own determinations.


(See Fair Hearing Office and Grievance Policy)

NOTE: There is no appeal of FCRU recommendations.


HEALTH/WELL-BEING
A review of routine and follow up medical/dental needs for ALL children.
A routine dental exam is required for any child age 3 and older.

Medical needs being met?

Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes

Dental needs being met?
Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes

EDUCATION
Review of educational needs for children in placement ages 3 and older.
Early Intervention is reviewed for children ages 0-3.


Enrolled in educational program?

Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes

REF No.: 2482884 Page 03 of 22
dcf











Educational needs adequately being met?
Barnes, Isabella - No
Barnes, Jada - Yes
Barnes, Lilliana - Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena - Yes


KINSHIP/LIFELONG CONNECTIONS
Review of lifelong supportive relationships for children in placement as well as a review of any unresolved Immigration
issues that exist toward obtaining permanent resident status for those children who are not US citizens.
Does child have permanent, lifelong connections?


Barnes, Isabella    Yes
Barnes, Jada    Yes
Barnes, Lilliana    Yes



Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes


Names and Roles of additional family members/potential life long connections
identified during the review:

Barnes, Isabella
Full siblings and paternal-half siblings who are adults and one in DCF care (who's
potential permanent resource is committed to maintaining the connection)
Adult sibling, Ashley's son
Current foster family


Barnes, Jada
Full siblings and paternal-half siblings who are adults and one in DCF care (who's
potential permanent resource is committed to maintaining the connection)
Adult sibling, Ashley's son


Barnes, Lilliana
Full siblings and paternal-half siblings who are adults and one in DCF care (who's
potential permanent resource is committed to maintaining the connection)
Adult sibling, Ashley's son
Current foster mother
Some school staff, her attorney, DCF social worker tech who has been involved since
2021, and her assigned mentor are all people Lilliana reaches out to for support and
connections.


REF No.: 2482884 Page 04 of 22
dcf




















Morrison-barnes, Selena
Full siblings and paternal-half siblings who are adults and one in DCF care (who's
potential permanent resource is committed to maintaining the connection)
Adult sibling, Ashley's son
Teacher/previous foster mother
A therapeutic provider who has been a support for three years

CHILD VISITATION
Review of visitation related to children in placement

Has DCF had required contact with child?
Barnes, Isabella  Yes
Barnes, Jada  Yes


Barnes, Lilliana   Yes 
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes


Has child's social worker had required contact with placement resource?
Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada  Yes
Barnes, Lilliana  Yes


Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes  


Have visits taken place a minimum of once per month for Parent/Caregiver 1
and the child?

Barnes, Isabella   No - Child declines visitation (Ms. Barnes) 

Barnes, Jada      Yes    (Ms. Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana   Yes (Ms. Barnes)
Morrison-barnes, Selena     Yes (Ms. Barnes)


Have visits taken place a minimum of once per month for Parent/Caregiver 2
and the child?

Barnes, Isabella No - Child declines visitation (Mr. Barnes )


REF No.: 2482884 Page 05 of 22
dcf












Barnes, Jada          No (Mr. Barnes' visits were temporarily suspended in
April 2023. Once reinstated, he has been inconsistent
with attending his visits, attending approximately 50
percent. For a period of time, he did not attend any
reporting he had a warrant for his arrest. )


Barnes, Lilliana            No (Mr. Barnes' visits were temporarily suspended in
April 2023. Once reinstated, he has been inconsistent
with attending his visits, attending approximately 50
percent. For a period of time, he did not attend any
reporting he had a warrant for his arrest.)


Morrison-barnes, Selena            No (Mr. Barnes' visits were temporarily suspended in
April 2023. Once reinstated, he has been inconsistent
with attending his visits, attending approximately 50
percent. For a period of time, he did not attend any
reporting he had a warrant for his arrest.)


Has the child had sibling visitation?


Barnes, Isabella  Yes
Barnes, Jada  Yes
Barnes, Lilliana  Yes



Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
Has the child visited with Grandparents?
Barnes, Isabella No
Barnes, Jada No
Barnes, Lilliana No
Morrison-barnes, Selena No

PARENT/CAREGIVER VISITATION

Review of visitation related to parents/caregivers.
Has DCF had required contact with the Parent/Caregiver?
Barnes, Irving Exception to policy requirement documented (includes
safety)

Morrison-barnes, Becky Yes


REF No.: 2482884 Page 06 of 22
dcf




















YOUTH
Reviewed for children in placement age 14 and over.

Is youth receiving life skills training?

Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes

Is there a current Youth Readiness Assessment?
Barnes, Isabella    Not required for this youth 
Barnes, Lilliana    Not required for this youth


ACTION PLAN
The Action Plan is developed in partnership with the family and identifies the areas of focus and what must be accomplished in order to maintain child safety and well-being, achieve the child's permanency plan and/or to close case.


Was there an Action Plan in effect during the period under review?
Yes

Does the Action Plan address all identified concerns to reduce risk(s) and
achieve desired outcomes?
Yes



CHILD SERVICE DELIVERY

When service delivery is impacted by systemic barriers for children in placement, the barriers are identified that need to
be resolved to support changes in behavior and to strengthen safety, permanency and well-being of a child.
Identify systemic barriers for the child, including any language needs:

Barnes, Isabella N/A - no identified systemic barriers
Barnes, Jada - N/A - no identified systemic barriers
Barnes, Lilliana - N/A - no identified systemic barriers
Morrison-barnes, Selena - N/A - no identified systemic barriers


PARENT/CAREGIVER SERVICE DELIVERY
When service delivery is impacted by systemic barriers for parents/caregivers, the barriers are identified that need to be
resolved to support changes in behavior and to strengthen safety, permanency and well-being of a child.
Identify systemic barriers for the parent/caregiver, including any language
needs.


REF No.: 2482884 Page 07 of 22
dcf















Barnes, Irving - N/A - no identified systemic barriers

Morrison-barnes, Becky - Individual counseling


PERMANENCY PLANNING
When children are placed in out-of-home care, it is imperative to find safe, permanent homes for them as quickly as
possible. In most circumstances, children can be reunited with their families, but in some cases children find homes with
relatives or adoptive families.


Permanency Plan proposed by DCF during the review?

Barnes, Isabella Permanency through Guardianship
Barnes, Jada Permanency through Reunification of the Family
Barnes, Lilliana Permanency through Reunification of the Family
Morrison-barnes, Selena Permanency through Reunification of the Family


DETERMINATIONS
Formal decisions made by the Foster Care Review panel regarding what is working well, what is not and what needs to
change in order to achieve the child's permanency plan by a projected date. Determinations are binding on area offices
and will guide the next period of action planning, decision-making and casework.

Were there any concerns for the child's safety identified through this review
process?

(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Isabella   No
Barnes, Jada  No

Barnes, Lilliana No
Morrison-barnes, Selena No


Is placement necessary as of today?
(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes


REF No.: 2482884 Page 08 of 22
dcf















Is the current placement appropriate?
(Determination on children in placement)


Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada  Yes
Barnes, Lilliana    Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes


Has the placement resource fulfilled placement expectations to meet the
child's needs?
(Determination on children in placement)

Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes

Has DCF taken steps to ensure the child's placement resource followed the
reasonable and prudent parent standard?
(Determination on children in placement)


Barnes, Isabella   Yes
Barnes, Jada        N/A - Based on placement type
Barnes, Lilliana     Yes 
Morrison-barnes, Selena N/A - Based on placement type


Has DCF taken steps to ascertain whether the placement resource offered
child regular ongoing opportunities to engage in age or developmentally
appropriate activities, working to help develop this child's special
talent/interest/gift?
(Determination on children in placement)



Barnes, Isabella   Yes 
Barnes, Jada    N/A - Based on placement typе
Barnes, Lilliana    Yes







REF No.: 2482884 Page 09 of 22
dcf
















Morrison-barnes, Selena N/A - Based on placement type


Has DCF completed the necessary steps to address the needs of the family,
during the period under review?
Has DCF completed necessary steps, including but not limited to: meeting with family members; assessing the reasons
for the Department's involvement with the family and engaging the family, including youth 14 and over, in the
development of an Action Plan that identifies what must be accomplished in order to attain and maintain child safety,
achieve the child's permanency plan and/or to close the case.
(Determination on ALL children)


Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes


Did the Parent/Caregiver 1 participate in the Action Plan?
(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Isabella     No (Ms. Barnes)
Barnes, Jada    No (Ms. Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana   No (Ms. Barnes)
Morrison-barnes, Selena   No (Ms. Barnes)


Did the Parent/Caregiver 1 demonstrate behavioral changes to reduce or
alleviate danger or need for placement or to achieve desired outcomes?


(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Isabella    No (Ms. Barnes)

Barnes, Jada    No (Ms. Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana    No (Ms. Barnes )


Morrison-barnes, Selena No (Ms. Barnes )


Did the Parent/Caregiver 2 participate in the Action Plan?
(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Isabella    
Barnes, Jada    
No (Mr. Barnes)
No (Mr. Barnes)
REF No.: 2482884 Page 10 of 22
dcf
















Barnes, Lilliana     No (Mr. Barnes)
Morrison-barnes, Selena     No (Mr. Barnes)


Did the Parent/Caregiver 2 demonstrate behavioral changes to reduce or
alleviate danger or need for placement or to achieve desired outcomes?
(Determination on ALL children)



Barnes, Isabella    No (Mr. Barnes)
Barnes, Jada    No (Mr. Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana   No (Mr. Barnes)   
Morrison-barnes, Selena No (Mr. Barnes)


Did the child 14 and over participate in the Action Plan?
(Determination on ALL children 14 and over)


Barnes, Isabella No (Isabella has declined offered services and has not
attended school.)
Barnes, Lilliana Yes



Did the child 14 and over demonstrate observable changes to achieve desired
outcomes for his/her safety, permanency and well-being?
(Determination on ALL children 14 and over)


Barnes, Isabella Yes (Isabella has made great strides with stabilizing
her mental health and complying with foster home
rules. She is working toward independent living skills,
however DCF would like to see her follow through with
supportive services and school to reach all goals.)


Barnes, Lilliana Yes


The extent of progress made toward achievement of the child's Permanencу
Plan
(Determination on children in placement)

Barnes, Isabella Insufficient/Maintain Permanency Plan
Barnes, Jada Insufficient/Change Permanency Plan
Barnes, Lilliana Circumstances changed and child's Permanency Plan is
no longer relevant

Morrison-barnes, Selena Insufficient/Change Permanency Plan


REF No.: 2482884 Page 11 of 22
dcf

















Child's most appropriate Permanency Plan determined by the FCR Panel?
(Determination on children in placement)  


Barnes, Isabella   Permanency through Guardianship

Barnes, Jada   Permanency through Adoption (The panel determined it
is most appropriate to being concurrent planning due to
the lack of progress made by parents to address the
barrier to reunification in a consistent and long-term
manner has resulted in the children remaining in care
for 2 years 9 months.)

Barnes, Lilliana   Permanency through Adoption (The panel determined it
is most appropriate to being concurrent planning due to
the lack of progress made by parents to address the
barrier to reunification in a consistent and long-term
manner has resulted in the children remaining in care
for 2 years 9 months. Discussions will need to happen
with Lilliana and her placement resource to determine if
permanency can be established in her current home
and what level of permanency, if any, Lilliana would be
agreeable to.)

Morrison-barnes, Selena   Permanency through Adoption (The panel determined
is most appropriate to being concurrent planning due
the lack of progress made by parents to address the
barrier to reunification in a consistent and long-term
manner has resulted in the children remaining in care
for 2 years 9 months.)




Proiected date for achieving child's permanency plan
(Determination on children in placement)


Barnes, Isabella     Jul-2024
Barnes, Jada      Jan-2025
Barnes, Lilliana      Jan-2025  
Morrison-barnes, Selena    Jan-2025


Does youth 14+ agree with Permanency Plan determined to be most
appropriate by the FCR panel?
(Note: This is NOT a Determination. Answered for all children in placement 14 and over.)

Barnes, Isabella Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Information not available at FCR


REF No.: 2482884 Page 12 of 22
dcf

















REVIEW SUMMARY


Summary of information gathered through the review process that supports the Determinations made by the FCR panel
and related recommendations. Note: recommendations are non-binding on Area Offices)


What are the worries for this family, including all children or young adults,
that relate to the reason for current involvement with the Department and
which necessitate placement?


A summary of the actions and demonstrated behaviors by caretakers (parent, guardian, etc.), and/or child(ren), that
continue to necessitate placement, may necessitate the need for placement as of today due to identified
needs/dangers/risks, or impact the safety, permanency and well-being of the child(ren).



REF No.: 2482884 Page 13 of 22
dcf




















The family has a history with the Department of Children and Families (the
Department/DCF) due to parental substance abuse and domestic violence between Ms.
Barnes and Mr. Barnes, resulting in two Care and Protection Petitions (C&P). In 2021,
the children were in the care of Mr. Barnes when multiple reports were filed due to
concerns of their well-being. Mr. Barnes' alcohol use, untreated mental health, disputes
with family members, and education and medical neglect were noted concerns. The
relative the family resided with asked Mr. Barnes to leave the home and did not follow
through with legal commitment to the children, leaving the children without a legal
caregiver. Ms. Barnes alcohol abuse resulted in a strained relationship with her children.
A C&P was filed on behalf of the children in April 2021 and the children entered
placement. Lilliana was placed in the third party in August 2022. Isabella's goal of
guardianship was identified in April 2022, Lilliana's goal of stabilization was identified in
May 2023, and Selena and Jada's goal of reunification has remained. 





Mr. Barnes is not engaged in services and DCF continues to have concerns related to
domestic violence, substance use, and criminal activity. He declined to sign a release
for probation and has not engaged in toxicology screens. Mr. Barnes provided Isabella
with marijuana at a visit in April, stopped attending while he had a warrant, and has
attended approximately 50% of visits. He utilizes the phone to entertain the children
and does not accept prompts to engage them in other activities.




Ms. Barnes' home smells strongly of cigarette smoke and was not receptive to concerns
of the children's health. She notes the ability to engage in services for herself and
children only on Mondays due to work, therefore does not participate in a majority of
the meetings and appointments for the children. She lacks an understanding of their
needs and continues to voice concerns of Jada's medication, yet has not participated in
consistent medication appointments. Due to her limited availability, the parenting and
visitation support program is not currently available to her. She declined any additional
parenting support. Her therapist left the agency and she has not been reassigned. Ms.
Barnes was not honest with her substance use evaluator and the evaluator did not
speak to DCF. She provided toxicology screens in early summer, raising concerns of
alcohol use. She is no longer engaged in AA and expressed today she does not find
value in participating in mental health or substance use services. Ms. Barnes struggles
to refrain from engaging in conversations pertaining to concerns and the case during
visits and triggers the children, who become escalated and dysregulated.



Isabella, age 17, has had leg/bone pain and has been diagnosed by a specialist and
referred for physical therapy and topical treatment, however, she declines the therapy.
She has not participated in mental health therapy and stopped attending school. She
has smoked marijuana with friends and received education surrounding substance use.
Isabella declined visits with either parent and acknowledged phone contact with her
father outside of DCF and with her mother one time during the summer, which
contradicts Ms. Barnes reports that she has frequent contact with her outside of DCF.
Lilliana, age 15, returned to placement in September due to changes in the family
dynamics and concerns of Mr. Barnes not respecting boundaries set with the family.
She did not develop a connection with her therapist and psychiatrist, therefore is on a
break from treatment. DCF began unsupervised visits in Ms. Barnes home. Concerns of
her asthma being impacted by the cigarette smoke and her mother's lack of consistent
engagement in services and progress were discussed today. Lilliana would like to return
to her care. Selena, age 12, transitioned from a residential to a teacher's home through




REF No.: 2482884 Page 14 of 22
dcf



















a transition plan in
WORRIES CONTINUED BELOW:

Describe the changes the family or young adult has demonstrated during the
period under review to reduce or alleviate the danger or need for placement or
toward achieving desired outcomes (what's working well)
A summary of the specific Acts of Protection (changes in behavior demonstrated by the family), improvement in parental
capacities which are helping to reduce or have reduced the risk of harm to the children, as well as changes by youth and
young adults toward achieving desired outcomes.



REF No.: 2482884 Page 15 of 22

dcf






















WORRIES CONTINUED: August. In November behaviors surfaced when Selena was not
able to receive the attention she sought due to another child in the home. The foster
parent was unable to meet her increased needs and Selena was transitioned to CFC,
which was difficult for her. She required several crisis evaluations and a determination
was made to place her in an emergency STARR residence, where she had been placed
in the past. She declined to engage in her medication appointment yesterday. She
would like to return to her father or her teacher. Jada, age 10, struggled in her previous
program and school with compliance and regulating her emotions and required crisis
interventions. She participated in a 45-day assessment and anew school setting was
identified. She transitioned to her current program last week and has had twо
altercations with peers. Although Lilliana and Jada have Rogers Orders approving
medication, they are not prescribed antipsychotics.




WORKING WELL: Isabella has made great gains in her placement, and is committed to
guardianship. She has not presented with self-harm behaviors and did not require crisis
during the holidays as she previously had. She identified a desire to engage in virtual
learning, and the team is working with the school department to try to develop a plan.
Her routine medical and dental needs are met, she continues to be assigned a therapist
and will be referred for DBT therapy, and she is medication compliant with an active
Rogers Order. Isabella is well-bonded to the family and engages more, has identified a
hobby of fish tanks, and has transitioned from volunteering at the animal shelter to a
paid position. She has her permit test today, is engaged in driver's education, and the
foster parent is seeking alternative treatment for her pain. DCF will be submitting a
referral for adolescent support once she demonstrates consistency in school. DCF
continues to have meetings at the area and regional level to discuss if and when to
proceed with the guardianship, as a supported allegation in 2022 is the barrier. Ms.
Barnes is not in support of the guardianship. Lillian has transitioned well into her
current foster home and the routine. She was able to remain in her school, where she is
very active in multiple activities and has a positive peer group. She is athletic and
currently enjoys wrestling and volunteering for the football team. She has an IEP and
doing well academically, her routine medical, orthodontic, and dental needs are met,
and she has physical therapy for an injury. She is prescribed medication to treat
asthma. Lilliana has a positive relationship with her mentor who is working on
therapeutic and independent living goals. Selena recently transitioned into her program,
where she is doing well thus far. She has taken on a support role for her younger peers.
Her routine medical, orthodontic, and dental needs have been met and she continues to
be followed by GI. She is medication-compliant for mental health and medical needs.
She has an extensive IEP and receives significant support at school and does well. She
participates in basketball and plays the clarinet in band. Selena is able to express her
concerns of her mother's drinking. Jada's transition to her new school and program has
been successful and each are presenting to be meeting her needs appropriately. She
has an education GAL who consents to her IEP. Her routine medical and dental needs
are met and she is actively engaging in therapeutic support. She enjoys Legos, dolls,
and playing outside. She is medication compliant. The children have sibling visits
outside of parent visits.


Ms. Barnes is consistent with visiting the children and has been receptive to feedback,
resulting in engaging the children in activities and providing snacks. She visits the
children in programs weekly, as well. There were no concerns reported with the
unsupervised visit with Lilliana. She resides with her boyfriend and since





REF No.: 2482884 Page 16 of 22
dcf

















WORKING WELL CONT.
What changes need to happen for the children in care to return home safely or
achieve their alternative permanency plan(s)?
A summary of the observable changes still needed by this family as well as the actions by the family and the Department
that need to occur in order to achieve a child's Permanency Plan.






REF No.: 2482884 Page 17 of 22
dcf



















WORKING WELL CONTINUED: being honest with her living environment, DCF has been
able to complete home visits and further assess the family. She indicated she will not
smoke in the home if it is a concern. DCF assisted Ms. Barnes with obtaining her
therapist and continues to advise her on how to obtain a new one. DCF has not been
able to verify she has placed herself on other waitlists. She stated today that she has
sponsor, which DCF was not aware of and does not have a release. There have been no
further concerns with her toxicology screens since early summer, however,
consideration should be made how long alcohol remains in the system and can be
detected. Ms. Barnes continues medication management, however DCF will need to
obtain an updated collateral contact. DCF noted Ms. Barnes' presentation improved
during this review period prior to today, with occasional periods of concern.
Additionally, during home visits, Ms. Barnes was able to verbalize an understanding of
her mental health and need for treatment. DCF indicated today's presentation and a
lack of demonstrating that understanding was of concern.


Mr. Barnes' visits with the children and there are no safety concerns. He will bring his
granddaughter and son's partner to visits.


WHAT NEEDS TO HAPPEN:
To achieve guardianship on behalf of Isabella, DCF management will need to agree to
move forward, the guardianship agreement and subsidy will need to be addressed, and
the court will need to approve it. DCF will need to convene a PPC to address the goal
change for the other children and conversations should be had with Isabella and the
placement resource surrounding permanency. If adoption is upheld, an adoption worker
will need to be assigned, permanent resources identified and children transitioned
successfully. The court will need to terminate parental rights, the legalization packet will
need to be completed, and the subsidy addressed to obtain a finalization date.


To achieve reunification:
DCF will need to assess Ms. Barnes' sobriety by utilizing collateral and support contacts,
assessing the home, and assessing her patterns of behaviors and engaging her in
conversations surrounding her substance use, rather than relying on toxicology screens.
Ms. Barnes should follow through with the recommendations from her psychological
evaluation and parenting assessment and re-engage in a substance use evaluation in
an honest and forthcoming manner. Ms. Barnes will need to demonstrate consistency in
mental health and substance use treatment, demonstrate honesty with providers, be
able to identify triggers, and gain an understanding of her mental health and substance
use and the impact on her parenting and how it relates to her children's trauma. She
will need to demonstrate the ability to develop relapse prevention and safety plans and
the ability to follow those plans. Ms. Barnes will need to demonstrate the ability to
maintain long-term participation with providers, long-term sobriety, and optimal mental
health which can be assessed through collateral contacts and observations of her
presentation and conversations. She will need to demonstrate consistency with the
children's providers and an understanding of their needs and refrain from engaging in
behaviors and conversations that trigger her children. Her home will need to be safe,
free from substances, and not impact her children's health.


Mr. Barnes will need to demonstrate the ability to engage with providers consistently,
develop appropriate coping skills, and utilize those skills to refrain from engaging in
aggressive behaviors, maintain healthy relationships, and refrain from substance use




REF No.: 2482884 Page 18 of 22
dcf
























and illegal activity. He will need to demonstrate an understanding of his children's
needs and ability to meet those needs and ensure to promote their growth,
development, and interests. He should demonstrate safety so that the safety plan can
be lifted and DCF can conduct home visits.


Minority Opinion?
(When a Foster Care Review panel member disagrees with other panel members regarding a Determination, they may
hold a Minority Opinion which is documented.)
N/A - there is no Minority Opinion


Comments
The review period is 9 months.


This reviewer began the meeting indicated the limited time provided to complete this
review and the need to obtain the necessary information within that time, resulting in
this reviewer's need to redirect and assist others with focusing on the information
needed for the panel to make determinations. Ms. Barnes struggled with following
through with requests to remain muted until it was her turn to speak and to not
interrupt and required a number of redirections. At one point, she re-entered the
meeting, having two screens on at once. This reviewer expelled the initial screen from
the meeting. Ms. Barnes escalated when discussions surrounding the impact of smoke
in her home and when she felt she was not provided the opportunity to speak and was
difficult to redirect. She indicated she had witnesses that were observing the review and
indicated persons were in the next room. She declined to provide information on the
persons who were observing/listening the review. The panel determined appropriate to
discharge her from the meeting as a result, given the information being discussed and
the persons unknown. The Second Party Panel member noted the change in
presentation when Ms. Barnes entered through the second screen, which this reviewer
also noted observing. She was observed to be sniffling, eyes sunken in, and increase in
verbal escalation and body movements. DCF noted that Ms. Barnes' presentation during
today's review is consistent with her presentation prior to the review period and on
occasion throughout the review period. She was observed to have a bruise on her left
wrist. Ms. Barnes was not present for the determinations related to progress and goals
or the recommendations.


Many participants left the review prior to its completion, such as program staff and
Lilliana, due to the need to return to school and follow through with other obligations. It
was a pleasure to engage with Lilliana during the review.


Please describe any agreements or recommendations that support change or
achievement of the children's permanency plan(s).

As discussed, it is recommended that DCF:
-Update the medical passports and photos of the children in the record.


-Convene an Area Clinical Review Team with the mental health and substance use
specialist to discuss the length of time the children have been in care and the panel's
determination that concurrent planning should begin, the concerns surrounding Ms.


REF No.: 2482884 Page 19 of 22
dcf























Barnes' lack of reporting her substance use history accurately to the substance use
evaluator, her lack of engagement in substance use services and supports, lack of
mental health provider and reported barriers, her inconsistent presentation and reports
as to her understanding of her mental health and need for services, and her lack of
consistent engagement in children's meetings and appointments. The panel
recommended unsupervised visits be halted until the review can be held to discuss the
concerns of lack of long-term and consistent progress toward demonstrating the ability
to be a safe and appropriate parent. Additionally, it is recommended that Mr. Barnes'
lack of consistency with family time visits be discussed to determine if it would be
appropriate to reduce his visits to fifty percent, which is approximately what he is
currently following through with. Update the action plan to reflect recommendations for
Ms. Barnes and follow-up to DCF recommendations, if any.



-Convene a PPC within 20 working days to address Lilliana, Selena, and Jada's goal
changes.

-Document the safety plan with regards to Mr. Barnes' home visits being conducted in
the office and attempt to meet with him monthly.

-Further address the concerns surrounding the cigarette smoke in Ms. Barnes' home
and its impact on children's health and safety.

Mandie Palubeckis
Case Reviewer
Shannon Casey
FCR Manager


REF No.: 2482884 Page 20 of 22
dcf






















This document contains important information.
Please have it translated immediately.
В этом документе содержится очень
важная информация. Постарайтесь,
пожалуйста, срочно перевести его.
Este documento contiene información importante.
Por favor, hágalo traducir de inmediato.
Dokiman sila genyen enfomasyon ki enpotan.
Tanpri fè on moun tradwi I pou ou imedyatman.
Questo documento contiene informazioni
importanti. Questo modulo va tradotto
immediatamente.
Este documento contém informações
importantes. Deve ser traduzido prontamente.
Tài liệu này bao gồm thông tin quan
trọng. Xin địch bản này ra ngôn ngữ
của quý vị ngay.
ເອກະສານສະບັບນີ້ໄດ້ບັນຈຸເອົາຂໍ້ມູນອັນສຳຄັນ. ກະຣຸນາໃຫ້ເອກະສານສະບັບນີ້ໄດ້ຖືກແປອອກຢ່າງບໍ່ລໍຊ້າ.
ឯកសារនេះផ្ទុកពត៌មានដ៏សំខាន់ ។
សូមបកប្រែវាជាបន្ទាន់ ។
這文件包含重要的資訊。
請立即把它翻譯。










REF No.: 2482884 Page 21 of 22
dcf












REF No.: 2482884 Page 22 of 22
dcf



























1/18/2024 0:25:57 pm PDT
ГО:becky ATTN:Call Center
Morrison, Becky
Patient ID: 1044105722
Specimen ID: 106-543-4187-0


DOB: 02/03/1986
Age: 38
Sex: Female


FROM:LCLS TO:+14137944759
Patient Report
Account Number: 20010975
Ordering Physician: M MCCOOL

Date Collected: 04/15/2024 Date Received: 04/15/2024 Date Reported: 04/16/2024
Page 1 of 2


labcorp
Fasting: Not Given
Ordered Items: BMP8+еGFR; CBC With Differential/Platelet; Prothrombin Time (PT); PTT, Activated; Venipuncture


General Comments & Additional Information
Clinical Info: VISITDT: 20240411;


BMP8+eGFR
Date Collected: 04/15/2024



Test / Current Result and Flag  / Previous Result and Date /  Units  / Reference Interval

Glucose 01 /  76 /  mg/dL 70-99

BUN 01  / 9  / mg/dL 6-20

Creatinine 1 /  0.58  / mg/dL 0.57-1.00

eGFR  / 119  / mL/min/1.73 >59

BUN/Creatinine Ratio /  16  / 9-23

Sodium т  / 139 /  mmol/L 134-144

Potassium o1  /  3.8  / mmol/L 3.5-5.2

Chloride от /  103 /  mmol/L 96-106

Carbon Dioxide, Total 01  / 20 /  I mmol/L 20-29

Anion Gaр  / 16.0  / mmol/L 10.0-18.0

Calcium от  / 9.7  / mg/dL 8.7-10.2

CBC With Differential/Platelet

Test  / Current Result and Flag /  Previous Result and Date Units Reference Interval

WBC01  / 7.8  / x10E3/uL 3.4-10.8

RBC 01   / 4.43  / x10E6/uL 3.77-5.28

Hemoglobin   / 14.1 g/dL 11.1-15.9

Hematocrit 01  / 40.6 /  % 34.0-46.6

MCV01  / 92 /  fL 79-97

MCH 01   / 31.8 /  pg. 26.6-33.0

MCHC°1  / 34.7  / g/dL 31.5-35.7

RDW01  /  12.7 /  % 11.7-15.4

Platelets o1  / 310  / x10E3/uL 150-450

Neutrophils 1  / 64 /  % Not Estab.

Lymphs 01  / 27 /  % Not Estab.

Monocytes 01  / 8 /  % Not Estab.

Eos 01  / 1  / % Not Estab.

Basos 01  / 0 /  % Not Estab.

Neutrophils (Absolute) 01  /  5.0/  x10E3/uL 1.4-7.0

Lymphs (Absolute) 01 /  2.1 /  x10E3/uL 0.7-3.1

Monocytes(Absolute) 0 /  0.6/   x10E3/uL 0.1-0.9

Eos (Absolute) 01/  0.1/   x10E3/uL 0.0-0.4

Baso (Absolute) 01 /  0.0 /  x10E3/uL 0.0-0.2

Immature Granulocytes 01  /  0   /   % Not Estab.



LabCorp

©2024 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings
All Rights Reserved - Enterprise Report Version 2.00



Date Created and Stored 04/16/24 0821 ET Final Report Page 1 of 2

This document contains private and confidential health information protected by state and federal law.
If you have received this document in error please call 800-631-5250













1/18/2024 0:25:57 pm PDT                                              Page 2 of 2
ГО:becky ATTN:Call Center

Morrison, Becky
Patient ID: 1044105722
Specimen ID: 106-543-4187-0


Patient Report
Account Number: 20010975
Ordering Physician: M MCCOOL


FROM:LCLS TO:+14137944759
DOB: 02/03/1986
Age: 38
Sex: Female


labcorp
Date Collected: 04/15/2024






CBC With Differential/Platelet (Cont.)
Immature Grans (Abs) 0т
0.0
x10E3/uL 0.0-0.1


Prothrombin Time (PT)

Test
INR1
Current Result and Flag
1.0
Previous Result and Date

Units Reference Interval
0.9-1.2


Reference interval is for non-anticoagulated patients.
Suggested INR therapeutic range for Vitamin K

antagonist therapy:

Standard Dose (moderate intensity
therapeutic range): 2.0-3.0

Higher intensity therapeutic range: 2.5-3.5


Prothrombin Time01 10.3 sec 9.1-12.0




PTT, Activated
Test
аPTT 01
Current Result and Flag
28
Previous Result and Date Units
sec
Reference Interval
24-33


This test has not been validated for monitoring unfractionated heparin
therapy. aPTT-based therapeutic ranges for unfractionated heparin
therapy have not been established, For general guidelines on
Heparin monitoring, refer to the LabCorp Directory of Services.




Disclaimer
The Previous Result is listed for the most recent test performed by Labcorp in the past 5 years where there is sufficient patient demographic data to match the result to the patient. Results from certain tests are excluded from the Previous Result display.



Icon Legend
▲ Out of Reference Range
■Critical or Alert


Performing Labs
01: RN- Labcorp Raritan, 69 First Avenue, Raritan, NJ 08869-1800 Dir: Liza Jodry, MD
For Inquiries, the physician may contact Branch: 800-631-5250 Lab: 800-631-5250


Patient Details
Morrison, Becky
152 VINCENT ST, SPRINGFIELD, MA, 01129


Phone: 413-264-9810
Date of Birth: 02/03/1986
Age: 38
Sex: Female
Patient ID: 1044105722
Alternate Patient ID: 1751203


Physician Details
M MCCOOL
BMP Wilbraham Adult Medicine
2344 Boston Rd, Wilbraham, MA, 01095

Phone: 413-596-5550
Account Number: 20010975
Physician ID: 1114404126
NPl: 1114404126



Specimen Details
Specimen ID: 106-543-4187-0
Control ID: 1044105722L
Alternate Control Number:
1044105722L33691
Date Collected: 04/15/2024 1448 Local
Date Received: 04/15/2024 0000 ET
Date Entered: 04/15/2024 1803 ET
Date Reported: 04/16/2024 0809 ET



LabCorp


©2024 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings
All Rights Reserved - Enterprise Report Version 2.00

Date Created and Stored 04/16/24 0821 ET Final Report Page 2 of 2

This document contains private and confidential health information protected by state and federal law.
If you have received this document in error please call 800-631-5250

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 WESTCOMM Regional Dispatch    Page: 1

Call Number Printed: 06/01/2024

For Date: 06/01/2024 Saturday

Call Number      Time   Call     Reason   Action   Priority   Duplicate
24-63413      1514        911 - Missing/Runaway/Found Person     Complaint Taken Care Of 2



Call Taker: WC097 - CENTER, BAILEY
Call Source: 911
Call Closed By: WC060 - MARTIN, MICAELA 06/01/2024 1603
Call Modified By: WC060 MARTIN, MICAELA
Location/Address: [CHI 2187] GANDARA STARR PROGRAM - 305 BROADWAY
Jurisdiction: CHICOPEE
Fire District: 1-3-7-4-5-8
EMS Service Area: Medic 1, 2, 3, 7
LAW Determinant: 123B02 - RUNAWAY
Chief Complaint: RUNAWAY
Problem: RUN AWAY
LAW Situation: 1. This incident involves a RUNAWAY. 2. This incident does not involve а
SPECIAL LOCATION. 3. The age of the person is: 16 4. S/he does not have
any physical/medical/mental conditions. 5. This incident does not involve
an AT RISK person. 6. It is suspected that s/he is a RUNAWAY. 7. The
person's description is: 8. The caller is on scene. 9. The 2nd party
caller is on scene. 10. The time the person was last seen is: 5 MIKES 11.
Her/his clothing is appropriate for current weather conditions.


Party Entered By: 06/01/2024 1515 WC097 - CENTER, BAILEY
Calling Party: GONZALES, LILLIANI @ ***UNKNOWN*** - CHICOPEE, MA 01020 413-378-9569
Party Entered By: 06/01/2024 1531 WC097 - CENTER, BAILEY
Calling Party: MOTHER OF CHILD
BARNES, LISA @ ***UNKNOWN*** - CHICOPEE, MA 01020


CallBack Number: 413-364-9810
ID: CHI390 - ENOS, THEODORE
Disp-15:15:45 Arvd-15:20:05 Clrd-16:03:43

Dispatched By: WC060 - MARTIN, MICAELA
Arrived By: WC060- MARTIN, MICAELA
Cleared By: WC060- MARTIN, MICAELA
ID: CHI168 - BIRKS, JOHN
Disp-15:15:50 Clrd-15:16:39


Dispatched By: WC060 - MARTIN, MICAELA
Cleared By: WC060 - MARTIN, MICAELA
ID: CHI442 - LEPAGE (N), NATHANIEL
Dispatched By:WC060 - MARTIN, MICAELА
Disp-15:16:36



Arvd-15:21:50 Clrd-15:36:00
Arrived By: WC060- MARTIN, MICAELA
Cleared By: CHI442 - LEPAGE (N), NATHANIEL
Narrative: 06/01/2024 1515 CENTER, BAILEY
YOUTH THAT RAN AWAY NO NKNOWN DIRECTION

Narrative: 06/01/2024 1532 CENTER, BAILEY
MOTHER OF RUNAWAY REQUESTING PHONE CALL FROM OFFICERS. PHONE
NUMBER IN PARTIES TAВ

Narrative: 06/01/2024 1546 MARTIN, MICAELA
104 courtesy transport to 305 Broadway sm: 34124.7

Narrative: 06/01/2024 1600 ENOS, THEODORE
Lilly ran to the police station. I picked her up and brought
her back to 305 broadway. According to her and the staff
member, they had an argument but they were able to work it
out and Lilly agreed to stay at 305. 

Narrative: 06/01/2024 1603 ENOS, THEODORE
ending 34125.8

Alarm: None

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 WESTCOMM Regional Dispatch

Call Number Printed: 06/17/2024
For Date: 06/14/2024 - Friday
Page: 1

Call Number  Time        Call Reason                Action       Priority      Duplicate
24-69183     2251   Initiated - Administrative      Advised        3
Call Taker: CHI397 - DELRIO, ELBIS

Call Source: Initiated
Location/Address: [CHI 2498] CHICOPEE POLICE HEADQUARTERS - 110 CHURCH ST
Jurisdiction: CHICOPEE
Fire District: 1-3-7-4-5-8
EMS Service Area: Medic 1, 2, 3, 7
Initiated By :CHI397 - DELRIO, ELBIS
Party Entered By: 06/14/2024 2257 CHI397 - DELRIO, ELBIS
Calling Party: MORRISON-BARNES,BECKY L @ 11 ALLEN ST - PALMER, MA 01069-2233
Home Phone: 413-264-9810
Home Phone: 413-306-1908


Party Entered By: 06/14/2024 2300 CHІ397 – DELRIO, ELBIS
Involved Party: BARNES, LILLIANA @ 305 BROADWAY - CHICOОРЕЕ, MА 01020
Home Phone: 413-654-1564
ID: CHI397 - DELRIO, ELBIS         
  Arvd-22:51:00 Clrd-23:13:27
Narrative: 06/14/2024 2306 DELRIO, ELBIS
Modified By: 06/14/2024 2310 DELRIO, ELBIS




Becky came to the department to notify us that DCF has
refused to take custody of her daughter Lilliana Barnes.
Lilliana was recently staying with a foster family but
stated an incident occurred and she is no longer wanted
there. Becky stated she has been trying to get in contact
with a worker involved with Lilliana but is not getting an
answer. Lilliana is not welcome at her previous residence,
305 broadway, due to going awol. She was also told by a
worker that' She does not care where she goes". I called
broadway and a DCF clinician to ask where she is supposed to
stay, both could not provide an answer. Lilliana will be
staying with her mother untill Becky can contact DCF on
monday when they are open 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
for the
District of Massachusetts


Becky Mollison-Barnes
Plaintiff(s)

(Write the full name of each plaintiff who is filing this complaint.
If the names of all the plaintiffs cannot fit in the space above,
please write "see attached" in the space and attach an additional
page with the full list of names.)

-V-

-Nicolette Hay
 Kerri Cuppucero 
Tavernie Miller.
Defendant(s)

(Write the full name of each defendant who is being sued. If the
names of all the defendants cannot fit in the space above, please
write "see attached" in the space and attach an additional page
with the full list of names.)


COMPLAINT FOR A CIVIL CASE

I.
)
Case No.
(to be filled in by the Clerk's Office)
Jury Trial: (check one) ☑Yes No

The Parties to This Complaint

A. The Plaintiff(s)

Provide the information below for each plaintiff named in the complaint. Attach additional pages if needed.
Name Becky Morrison-Barnes
Street Address  152 Vincent Street
City and County Springfield, Hampden
State and Zip Code Massachusetts 01129
Telephone Number 413-264-9810
E-mail Address beckybarnes555@gmail.com




B. The Defendant(s)
Provide the information below for each defendant named in the complaint, whether the defendant is an individual, a government agency, an organization, or a corporation. For an individual defendant,
include the person's job or title (if known). Attach additional pages if needed.

Page 1 of 5




Pro Se 1 (Rev. 09/16) Complaint for a Civil Case

Defendant No. 1
Name Nicelette Hay
Job or Title (if known)  Department of Children and Familkies Supervisor
Street Address 112 industry Ave
City and County  Springfield Hamden
State and Zip Code  Massachusetts 01104 
Telephone Number 413-205-0500
E-mail Address (if known) 


Defendant No. 2
Name Kerri Cappиссio
Job or Title (if known) Department of Children and Families social worker
Street Address 117 industry Ave 
City and County Springfield Hamden
State and Zip Code Massachusetts 01104 
Telephone Number 413-205-0500
E-mail Address (if known) 



Defendant No. 3
Name Tavtne MilleR
Job or Title (if known) DCF Commissioner
Street Address 1 Ashburton PL  
City and County Boston
State and Zip Code Massachusetts 01104 
Telephone Number 617-748-2000
E-mail Address (if known) 




Defendant No. 4
Name
Job or Title (if known)
Street Address
City and County
State and Zip Code
Telephone Number
E-mail Address (if known)

Page 2 of 5




Pro Se 1 (Rev. 09/16) Complaint for a Civil Case


II. Basis for Jurisdiction

Federal courts are courts of limited jurisdiction (limited power). Generally, only two types of cases can be
heard in federal court: cases involving a federal question and cases involving diversity of citizenship of the parties.
Under 28 U.S.C. § 1331, a case arising under the United States Constitution or federal laws or treaties is a federal question case. Under 28 U.S.C. § 1332, a case in which a citizen of one State sues a citizen of another State or nation and the amount at stake is more than $75,000 is a diversity of citizenship case. In a diversity of citizenship case, no defendant may be a citizen of the same State as any plaintiff.

 What is the basis for federal court jurisdiction? (check all that apply) 

☑Federal question ☐Diversity of citizenship



 
Fill out the paragraphs in this section that apply to this case.


A. If the Basis for Jurisdiction Is a Federal Question

List the specific federal statutes, federal treaties, and/or provisions of the United States Constitution that are at issue in this case.

42 U.S.C $1983-Deprivation of Rights under the color of law
Amdt 14, S1,5.8.1 Parental of Citizenship and Children's right and Due Process

 



B.  If the Basis for Jurisdiction Is Diversity of Citizenship



1. The Plaintiff(s)


a. If the plaintiff is an individual
 The plaintiff, (name) Becky Morrison-Barnes ,is a citizen of the State of(name) Massachusetts

b. If the plaintiff is a corporation
The plaintiff, (name)         , is incorporated
under the laws of the State of (name)
and has its principal place of business in the State of (name)

(If more than one plaintiff is named in the complaint, attach an additional page providing the same information for each additional plaintiff.)

2. The Defendant(s)

a. If the defendant is an individual 
The defendant, (name) Kerri Lappuccio, Taverne Miller, Nicolette Hay is a citizen of the State of (name) Massachusetts. Or is a citizen of (foreign nation)




Page 3 of 5


Pro Se 1 (Rev. 09/16) Complaint for a Civil Case


b. If the defendant is a corporation

, is incorporated under the laws of the State of (name) , and has its
principal place of business in the State of (name)
Or is incorporated under the laws of (foreign nation)




3.



and has its principal place of business in (name)
same
(If more
 information
 than one defendant is named in the complaint, attach an additional page providing the for each additional defendant.)
The Amount in Controversy
stake-is
The amount in controversy-the amount the plaintiff claims the defendant owes or the amount at more than $75,000, not counting interest and costs of court, because (explain):





III. Statement of Claim

Write a short and plain statement of the claim. Do not make legal arguments. State as briefly as possible the facts showing that each plaintiff is entitled to the damages or other relief sought. State how each defendant was involved and what each defendant did that caused the plaintiff harm or violated the plaintiff's rights, including the dates and places of that involvement or conduct. If more than one claim is asserted, number each claim and write a short and plain statement of each claim in a separate paragraph. Attach additional pages if needed.


   Nicolette Hay 1 Deprivation of Rights under color of law

Amdt 14.s1,5.8.1 Parental and Childrens Rights 

Nicolette Hay violated my 14th Ammendment by engaging misconduct as in lying on legal documents and Misinforming Springfield Juvenile Court in order to attempt to terminate my parental rights.

 


 State briefly and precisely what damages or other relief the plaintiff asks the court to order. Do not make legal arguments. Include any basis for claiming that the wrongs alleged are continuing at the present time. Include the amounts of any actual damages claimed for the acts alleged and the basis for these amounts. 
Include any punitive or exemplary damages claimed, the amounts, and the reasons you claim you are entitled to actual or punitive money damages.




I am asking the  court to aware 500,000.00 in damages. This abuse is ongoing.
Also Policy and Procedure changes or policy changes or order for defendabts to follow DCF policy and procedures approproiatly. 
  


Page 4 of 5




Pro Se 1 (Rev. 09/16) Complaint for a Civil Case


V. Certification and Closing
Under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, by signing below, I certify to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief that this complaint: (1) is not being presented for an improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of litigation; (2) is supported by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law; (3) the factual contentions have evidentiary support or, if specifically so identified, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further investigation or discovery; and (4) the complaint otherwise complies with the requirements of Rule 11.






 



A. For Parties Without an Attorney

I agree to provide the Clerk's Office with any changes to my address where case-related papers may be
in served. I understand that my failure to keep a current address on file with the Clerk's Office may result  the dismissal of my case.

 
Date of signing: Becky Morrion B May2nd 2025
Pitata t it a atr ky as Bames 

Printed Name of Plaintiff Beedzy Morrison-Barnes


B.
For Attorneys
Date of signing:
Signature of Attorney
Printed Name of Attorney
Bar Number
Name of Law Firm
Street Address
State and Zip Code
Telephone Number
E-mail Address

Page 5 of 5

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 
CM/ECF - USDC Massachusetts - Version 1.8.3 as of 4/25/2025      https://mad-ecf.sso.dcn/cgi-bin/Dispatch.pl?1469052623314161 of 2


Orders on Motions
3:25-cv-30085-MGM MorrisonBarnes v. Hay et al CASE
CLOSED on 05/13/2025

CLOSED,ProSe


Notice of Electronic Filing

United States District Court
District of Massachusetts

The following transaction was entered on 6/11/2025 at 12:34 PM EDT and filed on 6/11/2025
Case Name: Morrison-Barnes v. Hay et al
Case Number: 3:25-cv-30085-MGM
Filer:
WARNING: CASE CLOSED on 05/13/2025
Document Number: 8(No document attached)


Docket Text:
Judge Mark G. Mastroianni: Electronic order entered denying [7] Motion for Reconsideration.
The court construes Plaintiff's filing as a motion for reconsideration under Rule 59(e) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure because it was filed within 28 days of the entry of judgment. The First Circuit has explained that "Rule 59(e) relief is granted sparingly, and only when 'the original judgment evidenced a manifest error of law, if there is newly discovered evidence, or in certain other narrow situations." Biltcliffe v. CitiMortgage, Inc., 772 F.3d 925, 930 (1st Cir. 2014) (quoting Global Naps, Inc. v. Verizon New England, Inc., 489 F.3d 13, 25 (1st Cir.2007)). Moreover, "[a] motion for reconsideration is not the venue to undo procedural snafus or permit a party to advance arguments it should have developed prior to judgment..., nor is it a
mechanism to regurgitate old arguments previously considered and rejected." Id. (internal citations and quotation marks omitted); see also Soto-Padro v. Pub. Bldgs. Auth., 675 F.3d 1, 9
(1st Cir. 2012) ("[I]t is exceedingly difficult for a litigant to win a Rule 59(e) motion.").

Plaintiff argues: (1) the court should permit her to amend her complaint to "fix deficiencies," including an error on the Civil Cover Sheet which states the basis for jurisdiction is that the U.S. government is the defendant; (2) Defendants "have had ongoing unjust behaviors" interfering with Plaintiff's due process rights, causing irreparable injury; and (3) Plaintiff has "new evidence to present," perhaps referencing three attachments to her motion -- a
screenshot of what appears to be certain vehicle data from "Oct 17 Oct 23" with a handwritten notation underneath stating "DCF speeding with my kids," a photograph of a child sitting on the ground with possible bruising on her leg, and a screenshot of an artificial intelligence search engine result regarding the Massachusetts Department of Children and Families. The court concludes Plaintiff has not met her burden of demonstrating that reconsideration is appropriate. As to the request to amend, the court's May 13, 2025 Memorandum and Order implicitly recognized that subject-matter jurisdiction was based on federal question jurisdiction, rather than the U.S. government being a defendant as listed in the Civil Cover Sheet. In addition, to the extent Plaintiff wishes to amend her complaint to fix other errors, the court's Memorandum and Order explained that amending the complaint would be futile. This is especially so in light of the Younger abstention doctrine, which generally prohibits federal


6/11/2025, 12:34 PM






CM/ECF - USDC Massachusetts - Version 1.8.3 as of 4/25/2025 https://mad-ecf.sso.dcn/cgi-bin/Dispatch.pl?146905262331416


courts from interfering with ongoing state proceedings. As the court explained, it "has no
reason to believe that Plaintiff will not have an opportunity to raise all relevant issues --
including her challenge to the evidence -- in the state court, whether in front of the trial court
or on appeal." (Dkt. No. 4 at 4.) Accordingly, Plaintiff's complaints of "ongoing unjust
behaviors" and her assertion of "new evidence" are not sufficient to obtain reconsideration
under Fed. R. Civ. 59(e). (TF)

3:25-cv-30085-MGM Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Becky Morrison-Barnes beckybarnes555@gmail.com

3:25-cv-30085-MGM Notice will not be electronically mailed to:

2 of 2 6/11/2025, 12:34 PM

















Case 3:25-cv-30085-MGM Document 5 Filed 05/13/25 Page 1 of 1

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS


Becky Morrison-Barnes
Plaintiff,

V.


Hay et al.,

Defendants,


Civil No. 25-30085-MGM


ORDER OF DISMISSAL
May 13, 2025



MASTROIANNI, U.S.D.J.

Pursuant to the Memorandum and Order (Dkt. No. 4) issued on May 13, 2025, it is
hereby ORDERED that the above-entitled action be and hereby is dismissed without
prejudice.

By the Court,
May 13, 2025

Date
Isl Mark G. Mastroianni
Mark G. Mastroianni
U.S. District Judge

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS

BECKY MORRISON-BARNES

PLAINTIFF

-V-
NICOLETTE HAY
KERRI CAPPUCCIO
STAVERNE MILLER

JU25 2123 50C

DEFENDANT'S
CASE NUMBER: 3:2025cv30085

MOTION FOR RECONSIDERATION

I Becky Morrison-Barnes file this motion for reconsideration asking this court to reconsider
judgment of Dismissal without ruled on May 13th, 2025.
I am requesting this motion on grounds as follows:

1) Allow myself the plaintiff in this case to amend and fix deficiencies in the complaint
including an error on the Cover Sheet BASIS OF JURISDICTION incorrect as I checked
"US GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE' the correction would be Box 3 "FEDERAL
QUESTION".

2) The listed defendant's in this case have had ongoing unjust behaviors with my RIGHT
TO DUE PROCESS for a substantial amount of time. The defendants unconstitutional
behaviors can and would cause irreparable injury.

3) I have new evidence to present to the United States District Court District of
Massachusetts.

Respectfully

Becky Morrison-Barnes





Case 3:25-cv-30085-MGM Document 4 Filed 05/13/25 Page 1 of 5
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS

BECKY MORRISON-BARNES,
Plaintiff,
V.
NICOLETTE HAY, Department of Children
and Families, et al.,
Defendants.

Civil Action No. 25-30085-MGM


MEMORANDUM AND ORDER
May 13, 2025

MASTROIANNI, U.S.D.J.

For the reasons set forth below, the court allows Plaintiffs Application to Proceed in
District Court Without Prepaying Fees or Costs (Dkt. No. 2) and dismisses this action without
prejudice.


I. BACKGROUND
Plaintiff Becky Morrison-Barnes filed her self-prepared complaint naming Nicolette Hay, а
social worker supervisor employed by the Massachusetts Department of Children and Families
("DCF"); Kerri Cappuccio, a DCF social worker; and Staverne Miller, the DCF Commissioner, as
defendants (Dkt. No. 1). Plaintiff brings this action pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § 1983. (Id. at 3.)
According to Plaintiff, Defendants have violated her federal rights with regard to a pending
proceeding in the Springfield Juvenile Court seeking to terminate her parental rights. Among other
things, Plaintiff states that falsified legal documents have been filed in the pending juvenile court
action. (Id. at 5.) Plaintiff asks this court to "step in and evaluate this situation." (Id. at 4.) For relief,
Plaintiff seeks monetary damages in the amount of $500,000.00 and an order that the defendants
appropriately follow DCF policy and procedures. (Id. at 6.)





Case 3:25-cv-30085-MGM Document 4 Filed 05/13/25 Page 2 of 5


Accompanying her complaint, Plaintiff filed an Application to Proceed in District Court
Without Prepaying Fees or Costs. (Dkt. No. 2).


II. THE MOTION FOR LEAVE TO PROCEED IN FORMA PAUPERIS

Upon review of Plaintiff's financial disclosures in her Application to Proceed in District
Court Without Prepaying Fees or Costs, the court concludes that she has adequately demonstrated
that she is without income or assets to pay the filing fee. Accordingly, Plaintiff will be permitted to
proceed in forma pauperis.

III. PRELIMINARY REVIEW

When a plaintiff proceeds without legal representation, the court must construe the
complaint liberally. See Haines v. Kerner, 404 U.S. 519, 520-21 (1972); Rodi v. S. New Eng. Sch. of Law,
389 F.3d 5, 13 (1st Cir. 2004). Because Plaintiff is proceeding without the prepayment of the filing
fee, the complaint is subject to review to determine if it satisfies the requirements of 28 U.S.C. §
1915 (proceedings in forma pauperis). Section 1915 authorizes the federal courts to dismiss an action
in which a plaintiff seeks to proceed without prepayment of the filing fee if the action lacks an
arguable basis either in law or in fact, Neitzke v. Williams, 490 U.S. 319, 325 (1989), or if the action
fails to state a claim on which relief may be granted, or seeks monetary relief against a defendant
who is immune from such relief. See 28 U.S.C. § 1915 (e)(2); Denton v. Hernandez, 504 U.S. 25, 32-33
(1992).

IV. DISCUSSION

To state a claim under Section 1983, a plaintiff must show that the challenged conduct was
committed by a person acting under color of state law and that the conduct worked a deprivation of
rights, privileges, or immunities secured by the Constitution or federal law. 42 U.S.C. § 1983; Soto v.
Flores, 103 F.3d 1056, 1061 (1st Cir. 1997), cert. denied, 522 U.S. 819 (1997). However, "a suit against a
state official in his or her official capacity is not a suit against the official but rather is a suit against

2




Case 3:25-cv-30085-MGM Document 4 Filed 05/13/25 Page 3 of 5


the official's office." Will v. Michigan Dep't of State Police, 491 U.S. 58, 71 (1989) (holding "that neither
a State nor its officials acting in their official capacities are 'persons' under § 1983"). Moreover, а
state "may not be sued for damages in federal court unless [it] has consented, or its immunity has
been waived, or Congress has overridden the immunity." Facey v. Dickhaut, 892 F. Supp. 2d 347, 355
(D. Mass. 2012) (internal quotation marks omitted).

The Eleventh Amendment bars Plaintiff's Section 1983 claims for money damages against
the Defendants in their official capacities. Under the doctrine of Eleventh Amendment immunity, it
is recognized that States (including their departments, agencies, and officials acting in their official
capacities) have immunity from suit in a federal court unless the State has consented to be sued in
federal court or Congress has overridden the State's immunity. "The Commonwealth has not
consented to be sued in federal courts." Nobile v. Commonwealth, 675 F. Supp. 2d 214, 216 (D. Mass.
2009), and Congress has not overridden the Commonwealth's immunity "in the case of [section]
1983." Facey, 892 F. Supp. 2d at 355; see Will, 491 U.S. at 67. Consequently, because Plaintiff's
Section 1983 claims against the Defendants in their official capacities are claims against the
Commonwealth, her claims are barred by the Eleventh Amendment.

In addition, Commissioner Miller cannot be held liable under Section 1983 for the conduct
of her subordinates under a theory respondeat superior. Supervisory liability may not be established
by the doctrine of respondeat superior in Section 1983 cases. City of Canton v. Harris, 489 U.S. 378,
385 (1989). Instead, after plausibly alleging a primary violation, a plaintiff must then "forge an
affirmative link between the abridgement and some action or inaction on the supervisor's part."
Parker v. Landry, 935 F.3d 9, 14 (1st Cir. 2019). "Supervisory officials may be held liable only 'on the
basis of their own acts or omissions" that "amount to a reckless or callous indifference to the
constitutional rights of others." Gary v. McDonald, No. 13-12847-JLT, 2014 WL 1933084, at *1 (D.
Mass. May 13, 2014) (internal quotation marks omitted).

3





Case 3:25-cv-30085-MGM Document 4 Filed 05/13/25 Page 4 of 5



Finally, the court declines to exercise jurisdiction over this matter to avoid interfering with
the pending state proceedings. Under the doctrine of Younger abstention, see Younger v. Harris, 401
U.S. 37 (1971), "a federal court must abstain from hearing a case if doing so would 'needlessly inject'
the federal court into ongoing state proceedings." Coggeshall v. Mass. Bd. of Registration of Psyc., 604
F.3d 658, 664 (1st Cir. 2010) (quoting Brooks v. N.H. Supreme Ct., 80 F.3d 633, 637 (1st Cir. 1996)).
Younger abstention is even appropriate where litigants "claim violations of important federal rights,"
In re Justices of Superior Ct. Dept. of Mass. Trial Ct., 218 F.3d 11, 17 (1st Cir. 2000), as long as the federal claims can be "raised and resolved somewhere in the state process," Maymó-Meléndez v.AlvarezRamirex 364 F.3d 27, 36 (1st Cir. 2004). "Exсеept in the most extraordinary cases, a federal court
must presume that state courts, consistent with the imperatives of the Supremacy Clause, see U.S.
Const. art. VI, are fully competent to adjudicate federal constitutional and statutory claims properly
presented by the parties." Casa Marie, Inc. v. Super. Ct., 988 F.2d 252, 262 (1st Cir.1993) (footnote
omitted).



Here, the court would "needlessly inject” itself in the pending juvenile court proceeding if it
were to consider Plaintiff's claims, including her requests that this court order Defendants “to follow
DCF policy and procedures" and that the court "step in and evaluate this situation." (Dkt. No. 1 at
4, 6.) The court has no reason to believe that Plaintiff will not have anan opportunity to raise all
relevant issues-including her challenge to the evidence in the state court, whether in front of the
trial court or on appeal.

Although the court sometimes grants pro se plaintiffs an opportunity to amend a complaint to
cure its defects, leave to amend is not required where it would be futile. See Glassman v. Computervision
Corp., 90 F.3d 617, 623 (1st Cir. 1996) (explaining that futility means that "the complaint, as amended,
would fail to state a claim upon which relief could be granted").

4





Case 3:25-cv-30085-MGM Document 4 Filed 05/13/25 Page 1 of 5
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS
BECKY MORRISON-BARNES,
Plaintiff,
V.
NICOLETTE HAY, Department of Children
and Families, et al.,
Defendants.

Civil Action No. 25-30085-MGM

MEMORANDUM AND ORDER
May 13, 2025

MASTROIANNI, U.S.D.J.




For the reasons set forth below, the court allows Plaintiffs Application to Proceed in
District Court Without Prepaying Fees or Costs (Dkt. No. 2) and dismisses this action without
prejudice.

I. BACKGROUND

Plaintiff Becky Morrison-Barnes filed her self-prepared complaint naming Nicolette Hay,a
social worker supervisor employed by the Massachusetts Department of Children and Families
("DCF"); Kerri Cappuccio, a DCF social worker; and Staverne Miller, the DCF Commissioner, as
defendants (Dkt. No. 1). Plaintiff brings this action pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § 1983. (Id. at 3.)
According to Plaintiff, Defendants have violated her federal rights with regard to a pending
proceeding in the Springfield Juvenile Court seeking to terminate her parental rights. Among other
things, Plaintiff states that falsified legal documents have been filed in the pending juvenile court
action. (Id. at 5.) Plaintiff asks this court to "step in and evaluate this situation." (Id. at 4.) For relief,
Plaintiff seeks monetary damages in the amount of $500,000.00 and an order that the defendants
appropriately follow DCF policy and procedures. (Id. at 6.)



Case 3:25-cv-30085-MGM Document 4 Filed 05/13/25 Page 2 of 5


Accompanying her complaint, Plaintiff filed an Application to Proceed in District Court
Without Prepaying Fees or Costs. (Dkt. No. 2).

II. THE MOTION FOR LEAVE TO PROCEED IN FORMA PAUPERIS
Upon review of Plaintiff's financial disclosures in her Application to Proceed in District
Court Without Prepaying Fees or Costs, the court concludes that she has adequately demonstrated
that she is without income or assets to pay the filing fee. Accordingly, Plaintiff will be permitted to
proceed in forma pauperis.


III. PRELIMINARY REVIEW

When a plaintiff proceeds without legal representation, the court must construe the
complaint liberally. See Haines v. Kerner, 404 U.S. 519, 520-21 (1972); Rodi v. S. New Eng. Sch. of Law,
389 F.3d 5, 13 (1st Cir. 2004). Because Plaintiff is proceeding without the prepayment of the filing
fee, the complaint is subject to review to determine if it satisfies the requirements of 28 U.S.C. S
1915 (proceedings in forma pauperis). Section 1915 authorizes the federal courts to dismiss an action
in which a plaintiff seeks to proceed without prepayment of the filing fee if the action lacks an
arguable basis either in law or in fact, Neitzke v. Williams, 490 U.S. 319, 325 (1989), or if the action
fails to state a claim on which relief may be granted, or seeks monetary relief against a defendant
who is immune from such relief. See 28 U.S.C. § 1915 (e)(2); Denton v. Hernande, 504 U.S. 25, 32-33
(1992).

IV. DISCUSSION
To state a claim under Section 1983, a plaintiff must show that the challenged conduct was
committed by a person acting under color of state law and that the conduct worked a deprivation of
rights, privileges, or immunities secured by the Constitution or federal law. 42 U.S.C. § 1983; Soto v.
Flores, 103 F.3d 1056. 1061 (1st Cir. 1997), cert. denied, 522 U.S. 812 (1997). However, "a suit against a
state official in his or her official capacity is not a suit against the official but rather is a suit against
2






Case 3:25-cv-30085-MGM Document 4 Filed 05/13/25 Page 3 of 5


the official's office." Will v. Michigan Dep't of State Police, 491 U.S. 58. 71 (1989) (holding “that neither
a State nor its officials acting in their official capacities are 'persons' under § 1983"). Moreover, a
state "may not be sued for damages in federal court unless [it] has consented, or its immunity has
been waived, or Congress has overridden the immunity." Facey v. Dickhaut, 892 F. Supp. 2d 347, 355
(D. Mass. 2012) (internal quotation marks omitted).

The Eleventh Amendment bars Plaintiff's Section 1983 claims for money damages against
the Defendants in their official capacities. Under the doctrine of Eleventh Amendment immunity, it
is recognized that States (including their departments, agencies, and officials acting in their official
capacities) have immunity from suit in a federal court unless the State has consented to be sued in
federal court or Congress has overridden the State's immunity. "The Commonwealth has not
consented to be sued in federal courts.” Nobile v. Commonwealth, 675 F. Supp. 2d 214, 216 (D. Mass.
2009), and Congress has not overridden the Commonwealth's immunity "in the case of [section]
1983." Facey, 892 F. Supp. 2d at 355; see Will, 491 U.S. at 67. Consequently, because Plaintiff's
Section 1983 claims against the Defendants in their official capacities are claims against the
Commonwealth, her claims are barred by the Eleventh Amendment.

In addition, Commissioner Miller cannot be held liable under Section 1983 for the conduct
of her subordinates under a theory respondeat superior. Supervisory liability may not be established
by the doctrine of respondeat superior in Section 1983 cases. City of Canton v. Harris, 489 U.S. 378,
385 (1989). Instead, after plausibly alleging a primary violation, a plaintiff must then "forge an
affirmative link between the abridgement and some action or inaction on the supervisor's part."
Parker v. Landry, 935 F.3d 9. 14 (1st Cir. 2019). "Supervisory officials may be held liable only 'on the
basis of their own acts or omissions" that “amount to a reckless or callous indifference to the
constitutional rights of others." Gary v. McDonald, No. 13-12847-JLT, 2014 WL 1933084, at *1 (D.
Mass. May 13, 2014) (internal quotation marks omitted).


3







Case 3:25-cv-30085-MGM Document 4 Filed 05/13/25 Page 4 of 5


Finally, the court declines to exercise jurisdiction over this matter to avoid interfering with
the pending state proceedings. Under the doctrine of Younger abstention, see Younger v. Harris, 401
U.S. 37 (1971), “a federal court must abstain from hearing a case if doing so would 'needlessly inject
the federal court into ongoing state proceedings."Coggeshall v. Mass. Bd. of Registration of Psyc., 604
F.3d 658, 664 (1st Cir. 2010) (quoting Brooks v. N.H. Supreme Ct, 80 F.3d 633. 637 (1st Cir. 1996)).
Younger abstention is even appropriate where litigants "claim violations of important federal rights,"
In re Justices of Superior Ct. Dept. of Mass. Trial Ct., 218 F.3d 11. 17 (1st Cir. 2000), as long as the federal
claims can be "raised and resolved somewhere in the state process,” Maymó-Meléndez v. ÁlvarezRamirez, 364 F.3d 27, 36 (1st Cir. 2004). "Except in the most extraordinary cases, a federal court
must presume that state courts, consistent with the imperatives of the Supremacy Clause, see U.S.
Const. art. VI, are fully competent to adjudicate federal constitutional and statutory claims properly
presented by the parties." Casa Marie, Inc. v. Super. Cr., 988 F.2d 252, 262 (1st Cir.1993) (footnote
omitted).

Here, the court would "needlessly inject" itself in the pending juvenile court proceeding if it
were to consider Plaintiff's claims, including her requests that this court order Defendants "to follow
DCF policy and procedures" and that the court "step in and evaluate this situation." (Dkt. No. 1 at
4, 6.) The court has no reason to believe that Plaintiff will not have an opportunity to raise all
relevant issues-including her challenge to the evidence-in the state court, whether in front of the
trial court or on appeal.
Although the court sometimes grants pro se plaintiffs an opportunity to amenda complaint to
cure its defects, leave to amend is not required where it would be futile. See Glassman v. Computervision
Corp., 90 F.3d 617. 623 (1st Cir. 1996) (explaining that futility means that "the complaint, as amended,
would fail to state a claim upon which relief could be granted").


4





Case 3:25-cv-30085-MGM Document 4 Filed 05/13/25 Page 5 of 5


V. CONCLUSION
For the reasons set forth above,
1. Plaintiffs Application to Proceed in District Court Without Prepaying Fees or Costs (Dkt.
No. 2) is ALLOWED.
2. This action is DISMISSED without prejudice.

It is So Ordered.

/s/ Mark G. Mastroianni
MARK G. MASTROIANNI
United States District Judge

5

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 1. Nicolette Hay violated my right to Amdt S1.5 .81 by lying on legal documents in order to make the juvenile court believe my parental rights should be terminated to my four daughters

Nicolette hey violated my rights and deprived me of my right to liberty. This defendant is interfering with my right to due process.

1. Kerri Cappuccio Violated my 14th Amendment by engaging in misconduct as in lying on legal documents and misinforming Springfield Juvenile Court in order to attempt to terminate my parental rights


2.Kerri Cappuccio Violated my right to Amdt S1.5.81 lying on legal documents in order to make the juvenile court believe my parental rights should be terminated to my four daughters

Kerri Cappuccio Violated my rights and deprive me of liberty.



1. Taverne Miller Violated by 14th Amendment by allowing Defendants Nicolette Hay and Kerry Capuccio to move forward with falsified legal documents presented to Springfield Juvenile Court in order to terminate my parental rights to my four daughters.


2. Taverne Miller violated my riy right to Amdt  S1.5.8, 1
By allowing derendants Nicolette Hay and
Kerri Cuppucces to move forward with Falsified legal documents presented to Springfield Juvenile Court in order to terminate my parental rights to my four daughters.

With the defendants providing legal documents containing perjury, I am being deprived my Constitution rights as an American citizen This inhumane behavior is interfering with my due process.

My children have been held from me for a period of five years with no proper long term plan. I have completed everything they have asked. The defendants Nicolette Hey and Kerri Cappuccio have brainwashed my children.

The listed defendants have done absolutely nothing positive for my family and are having a Negative impact on our lives. I am desperately asking the Federal Court to step in and evaluate this situation. My four daughters have come to visits with claims of physical abuse while in DCF custody, I do have at least 100 photos of severe bruising. I am very concerned for my children's safety and have reported it every time, but nothing was done. Please help me and my daughters. I will not receive a fair trial when a majority of the documents contain absolute false information and perjury. If not all documents

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 The Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Executive Office of Health and Human Services
Department of Children and Families
KIMBERLEY DRISCOLL
Lieutenant Governor
KIAME MAHANIAH, MD, MBA
Secretary
STAVERNE MILLER
Commissioner
1 Ashburton Place, 3rd Floor, Boston, MA 02108
Phone: (617) 748-2000 * Fax (617) 261-7435
FCR-1035
Morrison-barnes, Becky
152 Vincent Street,
Springfield, MA 01129
11/25/2025
FOSTER CARE REVIEW REPORT
FAMILY (Case ID): Barnes (3463262)
REVIEW DATE/TIME: 10/14/2025 12:00 PM
LOCATION:
REVIEW PANEL:
ATTENDEES:
Robert Van Wart Area Office
(B) 112 Industry Avenue
Springfield, MA 01104
Case Reviewer: Melissa Vasquez
Second Party:
Volunteer: Lassiter, Lelia K.
Name
Amorello, Regina
Bowler, Sarah F.
Barnes, Lilliana
Cappuccio, Kerri
Guyette, Stephanie А.
Gaudet, John
Goldstein, Carrie В.
Hay, Nicolette L.
Kling, Lisa M.
Kuilan, Alondra
Mcgrill, Beritta
Morrison-barnes, Becky
REF No.: 3492009
Role
Group Care Representative
Supervisor
Child
DCF Case Manager Assigned to Parents and Children
DCF Case Manager Assigned to Children for Adoption Group Care Representative
Child's Attorney
Supervisor
Child's Attorney
Group Care Representative
Group Care Representative
Mother
Page 01 of 18
dcf




Name
Parent, Foster
Parent, Foster
Whitaker, Kayleen
Whitcomb, Heather
Raymond, Rebeccа
Chd/chicopee/340 Grove St.
Role
Foster parent
Foster parent
Group Care Representative
Family Resource Worker
All Others
Placement Resource
CHILDREN REVIEWED: All children who are open consumers with the Department
Child Name Current Legal
Status/Date
DOB/Age at Review Current Placement
Type/Start Date
Barnes, Jada 11/01/2013-11 Years Treatment Residence -
Intensive Treatment
Court Ordered /
06/07/2023 Residence
Enhanced/12/14/2023 Barnes, Lilliana 07/25/2008-17 Years Departmental Foster Care - Court Ordered /
Morrison-barnes, 11/06/2011- 13 Years
Selena
Tier I Unrelated/06/20/2025 09/14/2023
Court Ordered /
06/07/2023
PURPOSE OF A FOSTER CARE REVIEW:
to
Federal and state laws require that the Department operate a system of foster care review dedicated to engaging key participants in a timely and periodic review of all
cases involving children in out-of-home care. The purpose of Foster Care Review is
assess the progress being made to address the reason(s) for the Department's
involvement with the family and to examine and make recommendations to safely achieve permanency for the child(ren). This Foster Care Review Report includes the Determinations required to be made by the Foster Care Review panel, a summary of information gathered through the review process and may include recommendations offered by review participants to assist in achieving permanency for the child(ren) supporting individuals in achieving desired outcomes. The Determinations and recommendations provide guidance for the next period of action planning, decision- making, and casework (up to 6 months).
and
APPEAL AND GRIEVANCE INFORMATION:
REF No.: 3492009 Page 02 of 18
dcf




Parents/guardians, foster/pre-adoptive parents, children's attorneys and children age 14 and older may appeal the Foster Care Review determination to change the child's PERMANENCY PLAN by requesting a Fair Hearing within 30 calendar days after receiving the Foster Care Review Report. All other FCRU determinations can be appealed through the grievance process. A party may only file an appeal on their own determinations.
(See Fair Hearing Office and Grievance Policy)
NOTE: There is no appeal of FCRU recommendations.
HEALTH/WELL-BEING
A review of routine and follow up medical/dental needs for ALL children. A routine dental exam is required for any child age 3 and older.
Medical needs being met?
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
Dental needs being met?
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
EDUCATION
Review of educational needs for children in placement ages 3 and older. Early Intervention is reviewed for children ages 0-3.
Enrolled in educational program?
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
Educational needs adequately being met?
Barnes, Jada - Yes
REF No.: 3492009 Page 03 of 18
dcf



Barnes, Lilliana - Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena - Yes
KINSHIP/LIFELONG CONNECTIONS
Review of lifelong supportive relationships for children in placement as well as a review of any unresolved Immigration
issues that exist toward obtaining permanent resident status for those children who are not US citizens.
Does child have permanent, lifelong connections?
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
CHILD VISITATION
Review of visitation related to children in placement
Has DCF had required contact with child?
Barnes, Jada
Barnes, Lilliana
Yes
Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
Has child's social worker had required contact with placement resource?
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
Barnes, Jada
Have visits taken place a minimum of once per month for Parent/Caregiver 1
and the child?
Yes (Becky Morrison-Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana Yes (Becky Morrison-Barnes)
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes (Becky Morrison-Barnes)
Have visits taken place a minimum of once per month for Parent/Caregiver
and the child?
2
REF No.: 3492009 Page 04 of 18
dicf






Barnes, Jada No - Parent/Caregiver 2 unavailable (Irving Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana No - Parent/Caregiver 2 unavailable (Irving Barnes(
Morrison-barnes, Selena No - Parent/Caregiver 2 unavailable (Irving Barnes)
Has the child had sibling visitation?
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
Has the child visited with Grandparents?
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
PARENT/CAREGIVER VISITATION
Review of visitation related to parents/caregivers.
Has DCF had required contact with the Parent/Caregiver?
Barnes, Irving
Morrison-barnes, Becky
Parent/Caregiver declined minimum monthly in person contact
Parent/Caregiver declined minimum monthly in person contact
YOUTH
Reviewed for children in placement age 14 and over.
Is youth receiving life skills training?
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Is there a current Youth Readiness Assessment?
Barnes, Lilliana Not required for this youth
ACTION PLAN The Action Plan is developed in partnership with the family and identifies the areas of focus and what must be accomplished in order to maintain child safety and well-being, achieve the child's permanency plan and/or to close the case.
Was there an Action Plan in effect during the period under review?
REF No.: 3492009
Page 05 of 18
dcf




Yes
Does the Action Plan address all identified concerns to reduce risk(s) and achieve desired outcomes?
Yes
CHILD SERVICE DELIVERY
When service delivery is impacted by systemíc barriers for children in placement, the barriers are identified that need to
be resolved to support changes in behavior and to strengthen safety, permanency and well-being of a child.
Identify systemic barriers for the child, including any language needs:
Barnes, Jada
Barnes, Lilliana
- N/A - no identified systemic barriers
- N/A - no identified systemic barriers
Morrison-barnes, Selena - N/A - no identified systemic barriers
PARENT/CAREGIVER SERVICE DELIVERY
When service delivery is impacted by systemic barriers for parents/caregivers, the barriers are identified that need to be
resolved to support changes in behavior and to strengthen safety, permanency and well-being of a child.
Identify systemic barriers for the parent/caregiver, including any language needs.
Barnes, Irving - N/A - no identified systemic barriers
Morrison-barnes, Becky - N/A - no identified systemic barriers
PERMANENCY PLANNING
When children are placed in out-of-home care, it is imperative to find safe, permanent homes for them as quickly as possible. In most circumstances, children can be reunited with their families, but in some cases children find homes with
relatives or adoptive families.
Permanency Plan proposed by DCF during the review?
Barnes, Jada Permanency through Adoption
Barnes, Lilliana Another Planned Permanent Living Arrangement
(APPLA)
Morrison-barnes, Selena Permanency through Adoption
DETERMINATIONS
Formal decisions made by the Foster Care Review panel regarding what is working well, what is not and what needs to
change in order to achieve the child's permanency plan by a projected date. Determinations are binding on area offices
and will guide the next period of action planning, decision-making and casework.
REF No.: 3492009 Page 06 of 18
dic f






Were there any concerns for the child's safety identified through this review process?
(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Jada
Barnes, Lilliana
No
No
Morrison-barnes, Selena No
Is placement necessary as of today? (Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
Is the current placement appropriate? (Determination on children in placement)
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
child's
Has the placement resource fulfilled placement expectations to meet the needs?
(Determination on children in placement)
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
Has DCF taken steps to ensure the child's placement resource followed the reasonable and prudent parent standard? (Determination on children in placement)
Barnes, Jada
Barnes, Lilliana
N/A - Based on placement type
Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena N/A - Based on placement type
REF No.: 3492009 Page 07 of 18
dcf




Has DCF taken steps to ascertain whether the placement resource offered
child regular ongoing opportunities to engage in age or developmentally
appropriate activities, working to help develop this child's special talent/interest/gift?
(Determination on children in placement)
Barnes, Jada
Barnes, Lilliana
N/A - Based on placement type
Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena N/A - Based on placement type
Has DCF completed the necessary steps to address the needs of the family, during the period under review?
Has DCF completed necessary steps, including but not limited to: meeting with family members; assessing the reasons
for the Department's involvement with the family and engaging the family, including youth 14 and over, in the
development of an Action Plan that identifies what must be accomplished in order to attain and maintain child safety, achieve the child's permanency plan and/or to close the case.
(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Jada Yes
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Morrison-barnes, Selena Yes
Did the Parent/Caregiver 1 participate in the Action Plan?
(Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Jada No (Becky Morrison-Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana No (Becky Morrison-Barnes)
Morrison-barnes, Selena No (Becky Morrison-Barnes)
Did the Parent/Caregiver 1 demonstrate behavioral changes to reduce or alleviate danger or need for placement or to achieve desired outcomes? (Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Jada No (Becky Morrison-Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana No (Becky Morrison-Barnes)
Morrison-barnes, Selena No (Becky Morrison-Barnes)
Did the Parent/Caregiver 2 participate in the Action Plan? (Determination on ALL children)
Barnes, Jada No (Irving Barnes)
REF No.: 3492009 Page 08 of 18
dicf






Barnes, Lilliana No (Irving Barnes)
Morrison-barnes, Selena No (Irving Barnes)
Did the Parent/Caregiver 2 demonstrate behavioral changes to reduce or alleviate
(Determination danger
 on ALL or need for placement or to achieve desired outcomes? children)
Barnes, Jada No (Irving Barnes)
Barnes, Lilliana No (Irving Barnes)
Morrison-barnes, Selena No (Irving Barnes)
(Determination
Did the child 14 and over participate in the Action Plan? on ALL children 14 and over)
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
Did the child 14 and over demonstrate observable changes to achieve desired
(Determination outcomes for his/her safety, permanency and well-being? on ALL children 14 and over)
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
The extent of progress made toward achievement of the child's Permanency Plan
(Determination on children in placement)
Barnes, Jada Insufficient/Maintain Permanency Plan
Barnes, Lilliana Sufficient/Maintain Permanency Plan
Morrison-barnes, Selena Insufficient/Maintain Permanency Plan
(Determination
Child's most appropriate Permanency Plan determined by the FCR Panel? on children in placement)
Barnes, Jada Permanency through Adoption
Barnes, Lilliana Another Planned Permanent Living Arrangement
Morrison-barnes, Selena Permanency through Adoption
Projected date for achieving child's permanency plan (Determination on children in placement)
Barnes, Jada Oct-2026
REF No.: 3492009 Page 09 of 18
dcf





Barnes, Lilliana Jul-2026
Morrison-barnes, Selena Oct-2026
Does youth 14+ agree with Permanency Plan determined to be most
appropriate by the FCR panel? (Note: This is NOT a Determination. Answered for all children in placement 14 and over.)
Barnes, Lilliana Yes
REVIEW SUMMARY
Summary of information gathered through the review process that supports the Determinations made by the FCR panel
and related recommendations. Note: recommendations are non-binding on Area Offices)
What are the worries for this family, including all children or young adults,
that relate to the reason for current involvement with the Department and
which necessitate placement?
A summary of the actions and demonstrated behaviors by caretakers (parent, guardian, etc.), and/or child(ren), that
continue to necessitate placement, may necessitate the need for placement as of today due to identified
needs/dangers/risks, or impact the safety, permanency and well-being of the child(ren).
REF No.: 3492009 Page 10 of 18
dcf






The Barnes family has been open with the Department of Children and Families (Department) since April of 2017. The case follows the children of Becky Morrison- Barnes and Irving Barnes, Liliana (17), Selena (13) and Jada (11). The concerns that led to the Department filing a Care and Protection (C&P) in April of 2021 were regarding maternal substance misuse (alcohol) and untreated mental health. Medical and educational neglect were alleged and familial disputes led to legal commitment of the children by family members not being followed through with. Liliana, Selena and Jada entered placement. They have an older sister, Isabella, who is now an adult and no longer involved with the Department. The Department identified Mr. Barnes and Ms. Morrison-Barnes stipulated in court in June of 2023. The children were then placed in the permanent custody of the Department.
The Department convened a Permanency Planning Conference (PPC) in August of 2024 and identified the goal of Another Planned Permanent Living Arrangement (APPLA) for Liliana and adoption for Selena and Jada. Selena's behaviors were identified to have dysregulated and mental health concerns with self-harm and ideations with attempts. She eloped at one point and was identified to be at Mr. Barnes' home. She required hospitalization support, and the record indicated her current hospitalization in place began in October of 2024. While hospitalized she has reportedly at times refused educational supports offered to her.
Neither parent has been indicated to cooperate with the Department to work towards reunification. Mr. Barnes has historically not felt the Department's clinical team was appropriate for his case and requested new and older workers. He has been open about not seeking or being open to services. Ms. Morrison-Barnes is also not identified to be willing to engage in services. She reportedly indicated to the Department having previously engaged in services for three years. Her sobriety is not known to the Department, and the Department also has concerns with her having appropriate conversations with her children and being appropriate at treatment meetings and family visits at the program which she was no longer invited to attend.
Selena over this period has been identified to have a scar on her retina that needs to be monitored. Ms. Morrison-Barnes indicated she dealt with vision concerns for Selena as a
child, identifying the Department's neglect of Selena for not following up on this. The Department indicated not receiving this information until later in this review period, but steps to support Selena were taken accordingly. There is also monitoring of her hearing as a decrease was indicated, and testing was done and will be completed again to rule out further impacting factors. Her behaviors were indicated to have some dysregulation over this period that required support. She was indicated to make a racial statement that
actual
 alleged her to say she wanted "hang a Nigg**" (the phrase is a paraphrase of her comment). Ms. Barnes felt her comments were not her fault and blamed the music played by other children rather than seeking to educate or encourage her daughter to not use such comments and the reasons the statement was inappropriate.
The Department has concerns with Ms. Barnes' ability to have appropriate communication with her children at times. Her comments to her children are
towards
disparaging to their indicated interest for permanency. The communication from her Selena was indicated at one point to impact her at a visit with her grandmother, who allowed a call to occur between mother and child without the Department's supervision or approval. Selena is indicated at this time to agree with her
REF No.: 3492009 Page 11 of 18
dcf






goal. Ms. Morrison-Barnes is adamant that she should have her children and does not
have to engage in services.
continued below.
Describe the changes the family or young adult has demonstrated during the period under review to reduce or alleviate the danger or need for placement or toward achieving desired outcomes (what's working well)
A summary of the specific Acts of Protection (changes in behavior demonstrated by the family), improvement in parental capacities which are helping to reduce or have reduced the risk of harm to the children, as well as changes by youth and young adults toward achieving desired outcomes.
REF No.: 3492009 Page 12 of 18
dcf





She has not been in services over this period which the Department reports they still feel therapy is necessary and was a recommendation from her parenting psychological evaluation for on-going therapy support. Her ability to have accountability for the reasons that led the children into placement are still not able to be seen by the Department. Ms. Morrison-Barnes has reportedly not allowed the Department to visit with her in her home over this period. She indicated being willing with a third party, but this has not occurred. She was identified by the Department to require the support to also be able to connect and understand the behaviors and reactions of her children related to their respective mental health needs and trauma. The Department indicated concerns with her focus being on the removal and not how to work towards resolving the concerns. This was displayed at today's review with the need for several redirections and direct conversations with her about addressing concerns over this period for her children and not her indications that the Department was neglectful. When diving deeper into her concern. She voiced the program was not supportive of Jada who started her menstrual cycle and wanted support from Ms. Morrison-Barnes, who was given approval to go to the program to educate her daughter on self-care in this area. Her focus was not around the positivity that situation allowed for, but an attempt to point out areas she felt her daughter could not be supported although she was.
Ms. Morrison-Barnes has a connection with her children. Jada is vocal about her disinterest in being adopted. There are concerns that she has been in a group home setting for so long. Her behaviors are still indicated to require this level of support as she will use the restroom in her room and refuse to clean up after herself. She has indicated she will dysregulate in any environment she is sent to that is not her mother's home. She identified not using the restroom anywhere in foster homes or other placements or reacting in maladaptive ways. This impacts the Department's reported planning to try to step her down to less restrictive placements.
Mr. Barnes has not been available to the Department. He was reported to identify in the past not wanting any contact or engagement with this case. The Department has sent his action plan to his counsel. He is reportedly aware of the children's goals.
end of the first section.
Liliana has been able to remain in placement in her Departmental foster home. Her care and needs are met. She was present for today's review and was insightful about her current interest and plans for herself. Lilana was able to identify she is using her retainer after her braces came off. She reports there are not major changes to her eating or sleeping habits, noting she has always been able to sleep a lot. Liliana was vocal about having a therapist and the resources being supportive with ensuring she had a provider that would be connected to her consistently. Liliana identified she is in the 12th grade, and her resources indicated her being an A/B student who played softball last school year. This year Liliana identified wanting to work on her academics first and would look into possibly wrestling or college prep support. Lilana is expected to graduate in the spring of 2026. She has intentions to further her education after graduation. The Department attempted to connect her to an Adolescent Outreach Worker, but the identified the person was not a good match. As she is in another district, the Department identified they will make another referral with hopes for a
better connection. Liliana was able to advocate for herself and identify the concerns to
REF No.: 3492009 Page 13 of 18
dcf





the Department and her resources appropriately. The Department identified taking steps to address this accordingly. Liliana identified feeling safe, stable and supported in her placement.
continued below.
What changes need to happen for the children in care to return home safely or achieve their alternative permanency plan(s)?
A
that
 summary of the observable changes still needed by this family as well as the actions by the family and the Department need to occur in order to achieve a child's Permanency Plan.
REF No.: 3492009 Page 14 of 18
dcf






Selena has been identified to remain at Worcester Recovery Center since April of 2025. Her care and needs are reported to be met. She was supported with clinical services over this review period. They include therapy and medication management. Occupational therapist is also identified. She can participate actively when interested. She has vocalized wanting to work on eloping behaviors and being safe. The program identified that she has shown progress in this area since June of 2025. There is an Individual Education Plan (IEP) in place for educational and social emotional support. Selena is in the 10th grade. She attends school in the program/hospital. Selena has been indicated to want time away from other residents as they have school and living arrangements together all the time. Selena has been seen by specialist to assess her hearing and eyes. She will have follow ups as needed, especially if she voices any concerns as identified by the program and the Department. Selena was identified to have a brace for support of her wrist which was hurting due to a previous injury outside of this review period. Selena was identified to wear her glasses. A resource interested in permanency was identified. Home studies are being completed.
Jada has been able to remain in her group home placement since December of 2023. Her care and needs are reported to be met. Jada has an educational program and an Individual Education Plan (IEP) in place for support. Her plan and Selena's are both signed by an education Guardian ad Litem (GAL). her plan also includes social emotional and academic support. Therapy is in place weekly for support with processing her emotions, behaviors and past. The use of CBT and play therapy are also incorporated to help build rapport with her current provider. Groups in the program are identified to focus on skills building around coping, boundaries and other topics for clinical support. Medication management is also in place. The Department makes efforts to communicate with Jada about her goal and planning, she consistently refuses to talk with them about these topics.
Ms. Morrison-Barnes has remained vocal that she is capable of caring for her children. She has been identified to complete the court ordered screens without identified concerns. Ms. Morrison-Barnes, as noted, was able to support Jada with education around her hygiene. She is also able to have family time visits consistently with her children, with the exception of the unapproved call. She vocalizes having natural support and is able to maintain employment.
End of the second section.
To achieve Permanency Through Adoption for Selena and Jada, the Department must ensure they can remain stable in placement. The Department should ensure they complete any needed referrals on behalf of open consumer's needs. The Department will need to continue to monitor concurrent capacity of each parent to be a caretaker for the children. If needed child adoption assessments should be completed. The children will need to have permanent resources and the ability to reside with them for at least six months prior to finalization. The Department should complete all paperwork so a court date can be obtained for finalization.
To achieve permanency through Another Planned Permanent Living Arrangement for Liliana, the Department should continue to ensure their ability to monitor Liliana's growth and support her with referrals if needed. The Department should have further conversations about Liliana's goal with her and ensure she agrees with the case
REF No.: 3492009 Page 15 of 18
dcf





direction chosen; if she wants another goal the Department should address this timely
in a Permanency Planning Conference (PPC). Communicate with Liliana the expectation
for working with the Department through a Voluntary Placement Agreement (VPA)
when the time comes, if she is interested.
continued below.
Minority Opinion?
(When a Foster Care Review panel member disagrees with other panel members regarding a Determination, they may
hold a Minority Opinion which is documented.)
N/A - there is no Minority Opinion
Comments
To achieve concurrent planning, Ms. Morrison-Barnes has to ensure she is capable of
working with providers and the Department to be able to support her children's
behaviors and reactions appropriately. Ms. Morrison-Barnes needs to ensure she is able
to remain stable within her own mental health and sobriety. Ms. Morrison-Barnes has to
ensure she is capable of receiving information about any concerns and following
through with recommendations or requests, to support her ability to have a safe and
stable environment for her children. Ms. Morrison-Barnes has to be able to take
accountability for the concerns which led her children into placement. She has to
ensure she is not blaming others for actions or reactions caused by external
circumstances. She will be capable of not triggering her children in conversations and
following guidelines in place around contact with her children at all times. If allowed to
support her children in placement, Ms. Morrison-Barnes will need to continue to ensure
she is able to properly be responsive and supportive, without causing dysregulation to
her children with inappropriate comments or behaviors when around them.
To achieve concurrent planning, Mr. Barnes has to ensure his ability to be available to
the Department and his children. Mr. Barnes will need to ensure he is able to
understand the connection between substance abuse, mental health and parenting
capacity. His ability to connect these concerns, the children's behaviors and triggers
he can provide a stable environment for them to thrive if he were to be interested in
reunification.
end of the third section.
Comments
Department of Children and Families (Department) intern Matthew Palmer observed
today's review.
SO
Today's review included a support person for Ms. Morrison-Barnes, Rebecca Raymond.
There was a need for several redirections for Ms. Morrison-Barnes and Ms. Raymond
which led to this reviewer moving Ms. Raymond to the virtual lobby for a period of time
to allow for the process to move forward without disruption. Ms. Morrison-Barnes also
required redirection and constant reminders throughout this process.
Please describe any agreements or recommendations that support change or
achievement of the children's permanency plan(s).
REF No.: 3492009 Page 16 of 18
dcf





It is recommended that:
Update the medical passports.
Update home visit dictation and efforts. Ensure dictation is updated since December of 2023.
Have a discussion with Liliana and her resources about her goal options. Ensure she is able to understand timeframes around completion and her 18th birthday being near. If alternative goals are wanted, the Department should convene a Permanency Planning Conference (PPC) and take steps to complete identified goals accordingly.
Support Liliana with senior expenses.
As Ms. Morrison-Barnes identified being open to home visits with a third-party present. Ensure efforts are made to arrange this and conduct a home visit with her monthly.
If needed Child Permanency Assessments should be done for Selena and Jada.
Melissa Vasquez
Case Reviewer
Shannon Casey
FCR Manager
REF No.: 3492009 Page 17 of 18
dcf





This document contains important information.
Please have it translated immediately.
В этом документе содержится очень
важная информация. Постарайтесь,
пожалуйста, срочно перевести его.
Este documento contiene información importante.
Por favor, hágalo traducir de inmediato.
Dokiman sila genyen enfomasyon ki enpòtan.
Tanpri fè on moun tradwi I pou ou imedyatman.
Questo documento contiene informazioni
importanti. Questo modulo va tradotto
immediatamente.
Este documento contém informações
importantes. Deve ser traduzido prontamente.
Tài liệu này bao gồm thông tin quan
trọng. Xin địch bắn này ra ngôn ngữ
của quý vị ngay.
ເອກະສານສະບັບນີ້ໄດ້ບັນຈຸເອົາຂໍ້ມູນອັນສຳຄັນ.
ກະຣຸນາໃຫ້ເອກະສານສະບັບນີ້ໄດ້ຖືກແປອອກຢ່າງບໍ່ລໍຊ້າ.
ឯកសារនេះផ្ទុកពត៌មានដ៏សំខាន់ ។
សូមបកប្រែវាជាបន្ទាន់ ។
這文件包含重要的資訊。
請立即把它翻譯。
REF No.: 3492009 Page 18 of 18
dcf





INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS
THE TRIAL COURT 
PRORATE AND FAMILY COURT

HAMPDEN.SS

CASE NO. MD1700713DR

AFFIDAVIT OF PETITIONER

I Stephanie Cuuco Balloni OF S, herby state and affirm that: Springfield, MASSACHUSETTs


1. I live at 53 Eurera Street Springfield, MA 01104

2. That on or about November 25, 2025, the following occurred which requires that the Court hear this EX-PARTE MOTION: 

I was told that the Rebecca Morrison Barnes was not fit to be a supervisor of My children's visits with their father Andrew Cuoco. 


In the past (before 11/25/25) I was aware her children were in DCF custody but I didn't think she would be a danger to my children. 

Day DCF investigator Karen Caruole (860 -930-4165) has said there is grave concern of emergent nature to not allow my children around her. I agree knowing this she has 


Last full custody of all of her children and two are in the process of being adopted. I've known her To be since I've known her. I am not comfortable with a known alcoholic supervising my son's visit with their father who is under investigation Were the same drunk driving with my children in the car. He is to have visitation with my children Logan 13 and Parker 10 this coming Saturday 11/29/25 and 11/30/25 and he also has the option of seeing them tomorrow 11/27/25 on Thanksgiving I do not want my children to be in danger I fear for them.


SIGNED UNDER THE PENALTIES OF PERJURY.


Steph 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Baystate Health
BECKY MORRISON
152 VINCENT ST
SPRINGFIELD, MA 01129
ADVANCING CARE.
ENHANCING LIVES.
November 26, 2025
Dear BECKY MORRISON

Your lab results are back. Your cholesterol numbers are higher than we want to
see. The LDL, which is the main cholesterol linked to artery buildup, is elevated.
The triglycerides are also high, which can be influenced by diet, weight, and bloop
sugar levels. Your HDL is in a reasonable range. These cholesterol patterns suggest
that reducing saturated fats and added sugars in the diet can be helpful, and a
Mediterranean style of eating is often an effective approach.

Your thyroid tests show a slightly low TSH with normal T4 and T3 levels. This pattern of
suggests that your thyroid is still functioning normally and does not indicate an 
overactive thyroid at this time. No treatment is needed based on these numbers alone.
Let us know if you have any questions.




Sincerely,
Michael McCool, PА
2344 Boston Road
BMP Wilbraham Adult Med
Wilbraham, MA 01095
(413) 596-5550
Result Name
Cholesterol
(mg/dL)
Triglycerides
(mg/dL)
Current Result
235 (H) 11/25/2025
195 (H) 11/25/2025
Previous Result Reference
Range
100- 199
0-149
Name: MORRISON, BECKY Page 1 of 2 DOB: 2/3/1986

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Texts with lawyer. Attorney Eileen Quill


Becky: 

Awesome home - (also sent video of child drinking alcohol)


Eileen: Don't send mad things
like that again EVER


Becky: What my kid drinking in
their house

Eileen: I can't tell that ?

Becky: I have videos
Eileen: I don't want them -
how do you have them


Becky: People that I know
I don't even have to
be around to know
↓
my children are being

 

 

 


1-30-2026 Becky shared a picture of a text message showing that she was called about a problem, but not made aware of its resolution, she said:
Nothing like getting a call on your way into work saying ur daughter is having a bad night ur needed for a phone call to calm her down and u wait all night but no call worrying all night at work and get notified in the afternoon the next day saying sorry thought they called you

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 