Mar 9, 2026
Brandon B - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Brandon Bruning: Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
Brandon Bruning: Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: How's it going, man?
Brandon Bruning: You hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you now.
Brandon Bruning: I'm good.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. So, what happened today at your
Brandon Bruning: Got a little little nice little
Ricky Stebbins: meeting?
Brandon Bruning: haircut.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I don't see your uh your video yet. I only see me and I don't see the closed captions yet. This thing is looking working nice and slow,
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: but it's supposed to be recording.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Did you get to go out to lunch
Brandon Bruning: They they say they say you don't even have a job and you and you and you're with the system,
Ricky Stebbins: today?
Brandon Bruning: too. So, and they say, "Oh, don't worry about him because he don't even have a job, so he shouldn't be talking,
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: you know."
Ricky Stebbins: who is who saying that?
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: Is that your family saying that or bro saying
Brandon Bruning: I a lot of just a lot of people seeing it.
 
 
00:02:48
 
Ricky Stebbins: that?
Brandon Bruning: That's all. I don't know. I don't want
Ricky Stebbins: It's not a big deal. I'm not worried about it.
Brandon Bruning: us.
Ricky Stebbins: It's okay.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Wonder why this video is not working.
Brandon Bruning: People People think I'm gay or something. Like people at work. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: What What does that have
Brandon Bruning: They think I'm gay. I'm a gay out of here, dude. f***.
Ricky Stebbins: to do with anything?
Brandon Bruning: I know. Hey,
Ricky Stebbins: People are
Brandon Bruning: this is weird. f****** people are weird.
Ricky Stebbins: weird.
Brandon Bruning: Man, I I'm weird, too.
Ricky Stebbins: But I mean, it doesn't mean you're gay. I mean, that
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: doesn't
Brandon Bruning: not your gay.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that's strange that people would say that. So, they won't let you work over 40 hours.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, because the SSI they want me put they want me to put them on SSDI. You know what SSDI is?
 
 
00:03:57
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. So,
Brandon Bruning: You know that
Ricky Stebbins: I don't understand which social security you're on in the first place. And they haven't explained it to you either. And then they're worried about kicking you off.
Brandon Bruning: What?
Ricky Stebbins: Why?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: This is not working correctly.
Brandon Bruning: Something like
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't.
Brandon Bruning: that.
Ricky Stebbins: Why would they worry about you getting kicked off if you're not They don't even know if you're on it.
Brandon Bruning: Right. I don't know. They said it's kind of confusing. They say that, too. It's confusing.
Ricky Stebbins: It's very confusing and I'm surprised that no one's helping you
Brandon Bruning: The w you know you know you know what a waiver is a
Ricky Stebbins: understand.
Brandon Bruning: waiver. That's that's what the money comes from.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: The waiver to pay rent or something like that out of I don't know how to my wages or something from the state pays for it cuz I don't pay for it out of my own pocket.
 
 
00:04:58
 
Brandon Bruning: The state helped me pay for where I live at. That's what they help the state. But I don't pay for it out of my check.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: But the state check whatever I get from the state that covers this housing, but I don't pay for it when I work at I keep my own money. You know, now they want me to pay rent. I don't get it.
Ricky Stebbins: Why won't they help you understand how the waiver works and how much money would you have to pay for rent if you worked over 40 hours? What if it's worth it to
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: you?
Brandon Bruning: This is the third get to pay a third of it. I don't know. Like I don't know what I don't know how it works.
Ricky Stebbins: A third of
Brandon Bruning: I wish you were there. I wish you were there.
Ricky Stebbins: what?
Brandon Bruning: You would if you were there you would understand probably a lot if you were there.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
 
 
00:05:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like I have all kinds of questions. Why don't they want
Brandon Bruning: I don't I I don't understand. See,
Ricky Stebbins: to
Brandon Bruning: I I don't understand. But I'm just say I'm disabled because I don't really understand what's going
Ricky Stebbins: This is terrible.
Brandon Bruning: on.
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't understand why no one is helping you learn how to deal with any of
Brandon Bruning: How to deal with any of this.
Ricky Stebbins: this. It's obvious. It's a problem. So,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: why aren't we working to solve it together? Can you see my video on the phone?
Brandon Bruning: But b****,
Ricky Stebbins: I wonder why my video is not working. Piece of junk.
Brandon Bruning: I haven't get the I need the weed, babe. I haven't even went down there yet. Should take a break.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Take a break. It's smoke too much,
Brandon Bruning: Take a break. Yeah, I know. Take a
Ricky Stebbins: man.
 
 
00:06:52
 
Brandon Bruning: break. Maybe I should stop buying the vape oil. Maybe I can just get off. Can I get off? I know it's addictive. I get that flavor makes you addicted, you know, when you're smoking. Oh, now you got two. How the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: I wanted to see if the camera would work, but it's not working.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't see the closed caption either. I don't know why the closed caption's not working. I don't even know if this is recording.
Brandon Bruning: I know Dallas won't even help me out because he doesn't know that this week like you do.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I talked to Dallas today. He doesn't have a clue what's going on. He needs help as well,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but we're going to figure it out.
Brandon Bruning: Why? How come he can't get a job?
Ricky Stebbins: How come he can't get a job? Cuz no one will hire him and no one will work with
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
 
 
00:08:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: him. If people keep ignoring you,
Brandon Bruning: That sucks.
Ricky Stebbins: how are you going to accomplish anything?
Brandon Bruning: How are you? You gota you have to keep applying applying. You got to keep doing it. You gota you gota keep going back to you know like check on them on the applications. If you don't then they won't hire you. You have to keep going at it you know like never give up.
Ricky Stebbins: That's stupid.
Brandon Bruning: No is that how it is.
Ricky Stebbins: That's stupid. I'm not doing that. I'm not doing that over and over again and begging you for some s*****, stupid f****** job. No. Why don't they have schooling anymore? Why aren't they helping you guys get your GEDs that you guys want to get?
Brandon Bruning: No idea.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, they can't do that. Well, but we can hide your money from
Brandon Bruning: Thought they just put you in They just put you in a Yeah. Put you in a dis disabled program,
 
 
00:08:55
 
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Brandon Bruning: then get retarded or something. Oh. I got ham and I think they're retarded. No, that's not it. Well,
Ricky Stebbins: They think they can get away with treating everyone like they're stupid and that we're not keeping track of
Brandon Bruning: you know, yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: everything.
Brandon Bruning: that's what it is, probably. I don't know. No one knows.
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to show them and then we're going to start collecting people's medical records and we're going to show them.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, medical records.
Ricky Stebbins: I got my medical records from Westboro.
Brandon Bruning: You
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: did?
Ricky Stebbins: it shows that they just copied and pasted the information from the first hospital and never actually looked into anything that I was saying.
Brandon Bruning: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: And it shows that they didn't even know that I had hyperthyroidism. I had to mention it to them. I was f****** pissed. I'm like, how could you not know that?
Brandon Bruning: Hyperritis.
 
 
00:09:59
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, hyperthyroidism, which can cause people to have signs and symptoms of like mental distress.
Brandon Bruning: that we
Ricky Stebbins: I have hypothyroidism.
Brandon Bruning: have.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And when I don't take my medication, I get anxiety and I'll have panic attacks if I take certain medications.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, wow. I didn't know that. That's That sucks.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: That sucks.
Ricky Stebbins: it's terrible.
Brandon Bruning: Like mus muscle spabs, right? like muscle like your joint the muscles hurts and
Ricky Stebbins: Well, that's part of it.
Brandon Bruning: stuff.
Ricky Stebbins: I have two issues. My hyperthyroidism makes me weak and then I have a genetic muscle
Brandon Bruning: Is it like is it like is
Ricky Stebbins: disorder.
Brandon Bruning: it like a arthritis kind of
Ricky Stebbins: No, I do have arthritis,
Brandon Bruning: joints?
Ricky Stebbins: but I think that's from injuries. I don't think that's from an actual joint
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: issue,
Brandon Bruning: damn.
Ricky Stebbins: but I get the muscle issue, and that affects all my muscles. So, and when I get sick, I get weak.
 
 
00:10:59
 
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: it's even worse. I turn into a sissy.
Brandon Bruning: that sucks.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Ain't no one knows about that either, huh? They don't even know what you just said.
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Brandon Bruning: Oh my god. Am I stupid or something? My herinades make me stupid.
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: you're not stupid. Why would you say that?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. I just hate it.
Ricky Stebbins: Had been a rough day. Stressed
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: out.
Brandon Bruning: kind of. You got nothing to smoke out of.
Ricky Stebbins: That's terrible,
Brandon Bruning: That's terrible,
Ricky Stebbins: dude.
Brandon Bruning: dude. What?
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing to smoke out of.
Brandon Bruning: I got a bulb, but I want to smoke that old
Ricky Stebbins: Well, yeah.
Brandon Bruning: smell.
Ricky Stebbins: Not inside the house. It's nice outside. Why don't you go smoke outside? Or you're not allowed
Brandon Bruning: I'm I am like I have to walk down the street,
 
 
00:12:05
 
Ricky Stebbins: to.
Brandon Bruning: but I can't smoke on the side of the house because the cameras are around. She doesn't She doesn't want me smoking front of the house, the side of the house, or the back of the house. She just want me to go for a walk and smoking. That's it. That's kind of dumb.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. That's very rude that you don't have an area of your own to sit out in the backyard with a picnic table and just relax or enjoy yourself. You're not allowed to act like a human being. You have to walk up the street.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: What a bunch of b*******. What are you doing for dinner
Brandon Bruning: And it's legal, too.
Ricky Stebbins: tonight?
Brandon Bruning: Um, I forgot my my aunt my aunt gave me some dinner. I I don't I forget what she told me about it. I mean, she told me, but I forgot about it already. I think it's chicken something. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: So, did you guys go out to lunch or dinner?
 
 
00:13:11
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, we did.
Ricky Stebbins: Where'd you
Brandon Bruning: We had lunch.
Ricky Stebbins: go?
Brandon Bruning: Oh, man.
Ricky Stebbins: You
Brandon Bruning: Don't know. I Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: forgot.
Brandon Bruning: I forgot. That's bad.
Ricky Stebbins: That is terrible.
Brandon Bruning: What the What the Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: You're getting
Brandon Bruning: probably that bear.
Ricky Stebbins: old.
Brandon Bruning: I had that one beer made me made me lost my mind. I think I I think I when I had I had like uh one beer, then I just lost my mind. Now I just don't forget. Now I just forget. That's f***** up.
Ricky Stebbins: That's two.
Brandon Bruning: Maybe mean I smoke too much.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: I think I smoke too much and I forget,
Ricky Stebbins: One beer and you are all done. All washed up.
Brandon Bruning: right? Yeah. I forgot what where I went. I forget where it was. What the f***? All
Ricky Stebbins: That's all right.
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: It probably wasn't that exciting.
 
 
00:14:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: Have you ever been there before?
Brandon Bruning: Uh once I think I did I didn't even pay attention to um the name of the restaurant. I just went in there and even be the restaurant.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Brandon Bruning: That's f*****
Ricky Stebbins: what' you have to eat?
Brandon Bruning: up.
Ricky Stebbins: What they have to eat?
Brandon Bruning: I had a a Caesar Caesar salad with steak tips on it.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. That sounds delicious.
Brandon Bruning: That's healthy. My aunt had salmon.
Ricky Stebbins: And
Brandon Bruning: My aunt had salmon with salad on it. Pretty good. She gave me some of the She gave me some of the salmon.
Ricky Stebbins: nice.
Brandon Bruning: We like chair. That's nice. We cherry each other's food.
Ricky Stebbins: That is nice.
Brandon Bruning: Cheer each other's food. Yeah, that's nice.
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't had salmon in forever.
Brandon Bruning: forever.
Ricky Stebbins: That's very nice of her. Get to try a little everything.
Brandon Bruning: That's what family supposed to That's what family supposed to do, right?
 
 
00:15:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, we're supposed to share.
Brandon Bruning: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: be there for each other. Help each other
Brandon Bruning: Help each other out. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: out.
Brandon Bruning: She's the oldest one. She's like the the oldest like the oldest uh in the family. Join 70 years old. 70.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. That's awesome. I don't have any more old aunts in my family.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: They're all They passed away years ago.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, that sucks.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, they were the
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I know.
Ricky Stebbins: best.
Brandon Bruning: My I mean um I had an uncle used to be alive, but he passed away. He had um kidney he had kidney failures.
Ricky Stebbins: Here. That
Brandon Bruning: Diabetes.
Ricky Stebbins: sucks.
Brandon Bruning: He had he had diabetes and he drinks every day and smoked cigarettes every day and
Ricky Stebbins: That's hard.
Brandon Bruning: then that's what happened. He passed away from that from the alcohol I bet. Right. Passed away from the alcohol from a kidney failing.
 
 
00:16:12
 
Brandon Bruning: Right. Me and my mother from a stroke.
Ricky Stebbins: That's so sad.
Brandon Bruning: I think that's from alcohol.
Ricky Stebbins: Your mom had a
Brandon Bruning: I think they died from alcohol. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: stroke.
Brandon Bruning: My mom had a stroke. My uncle had a heart attack. I was like,
Ricky Stebbins: That's terrible.
Brandon Bruning: "Yeah." And my and my and my uncle had a car accident and he passed away very long time ago.
Ricky Stebbins: That's rough.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. You could take me out take me out the ruins game and stuff.
Ricky Stebbins: That must have been a lot of
Brandon Bruning: You take Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: fun.
Brandon Bruning: Uncle John used to take me out all the time.
Ricky Stebbins: And then he died in a car accident.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, from drinking.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man,
Brandon Bruning: Probably from drinking.
Ricky Stebbins: that's terrible.
Brandon Bruning: He probably he probably so stressed and then he just probably forgot put the seat belt on. Probably died because he he didn't have a seat belt on.
 
 
00:17:12
 
Brandon Bruning: Maybe that's probably what happened.
Ricky Stebbins: I had a cousin that died from that.
Brandon Bruning: He did. He had a seat belt on.
Ricky Stebbins: No, no seat belt. And I read his article. It said he broke his neck and fractured his skull and
Brandon Bruning: That's how people die when they don't have a People die from their when you don't have a seatelt on.
Ricky Stebbins: broke his leg.
Brandon Bruning: You can die. You get in a car like car accident, hit someone else's car, you can die if you don't have your seatelt on. I should I should wear I should wear a seat belt for Hoover,
Ricky Stebbins: That's very dangerous.
Brandon Bruning: but I don't. I think it's safe.
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Brandon Bruning: I don't really use seat belt. I'm on a
Ricky Stebbins: What? You know, it's still a car. You can't just Oh my gosh, dude.
Brandon Bruning: hub.
Ricky Stebbins: You're just living in the the danger zone. I don't want to take a chance of dying with no seat belt on, man.
 
 
00:18:05
 
Ricky Stebbins: These Uber drivers could be flipping the car, man. That'd be crazy.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah. I got to I got to stop wearing the seat belt,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: This is terrible. And my stupid screen's not working right. I wanted to look something up, but I forgot what I wanted to look up now. What was I going to look up, dude?
Brandon Bruning: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: I I got to start saying, "Hey, you know, I'm going to look this up." I don't know what I was going to look up. I was working on my project. I thought like, "Hey, you know what? We can look this up while we're talking. And then it took too long to load and I don't remember what I wanted to look
Brandon Bruning: It took too
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Brandon Bruning: long.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh well, it wasn't that important.
Brandon Bruning: No, excuse me. So, how's um the case you working on at the Hawaii or whatever?
Ricky Stebbins: Good.
 
 
00:19:23
 
Brandon Bruning: Good.
Ricky Stebbins: And then everybody's worried now they're trying to make it so AI can't help people with legal or medical issues.
Brandon Bruning: you you can't get a job because you have that kind of medical issues
Ricky Stebbins: Oh no, I got a big mouth.
Brandon Bruning: sometimes. Oh, that is that why?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Once this is all over, I'm gonna have a full-time job.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not going to be on disability anymore. I want to be an investigator.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, you know what?
Ricky Stebbins: You can be an investigator, too.
Brandon Bruning: Wait, wait.
Ricky Stebbins: You can help me investigate stuff.
Brandon Bruning: We can be investigators.
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Brandon Bruning: How are you going to do that?
Ricky Stebbins: Because we're going to work together.
Brandon Bruning: That'll be cool. Get a job, make money, be an investigator.
Ricky Stebbins: Yep. We're going to be investigating stuff.
Brandon Bruning: Bye-bye, Brax. I'll be like, "See you later, Bra. I'm go investigate."
Ricky Stebbins: be. And then we can go clean up parks and stuff, too.
 
 
00:20:18
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'd rather go do stuff outside. Go fishing.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Go fish and clean up a park.
Brandon Bruning: fish up the pot. What? Community
Ricky Stebbins: Well, no. They got uh Well,
Brandon Bruning: service.
Ricky Stebbins: they have tools. We could use wheelbarls and stuff. Yeah, we could use like community cleanup services and go fishing in and the hiking. We can go investigate all the different plant life.
Brandon Bruning: You know how to drive?
Ricky Stebbins: I like pictures.
Brandon Bruning: You know how to drive a boat? You know how to drive a boat?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Yep. We could take boats out.
Brandon Bruning: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: We can go clean the water, too. There's trash. We can go clean the water and go skiing and tubing once it's
Brandon Bruning: Do you need you need do you need like a boat license or you need a driving
Ricky Stebbins: clean.
Brandon Bruning: license?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think you'll need either, but you might need a driver's license now.
 
 
00:21:11
 
Ricky Stebbins: But we'll have to look into it and see.
Brandon Bruning: Like like you know like if you're driving at you know when lake New
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Hampshire need a license for that and drive around in that lake like a
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe because that's a different state.
Brandon Bruning: license.
Ricky Stebbins: We have to ask. We have to There's laws in every state that are different.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: And we can figure all that out. It's easy enough. And we have I have a driver's license.
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So, it doesn't matter. You might I might have to take like a small craft safety course,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but I don't know. I don't think so. Depending on the size of the boat. We have to look
Brandon Bruning: I went I went to airplane school one time with Grow Grow Associated.
Ricky Stebbins: cuz
Brandon Bruning: They took me to an airplane school. It was pretty cool.
Ricky Stebbins: Did you get to fly?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
 
 
00:21:59
 
Brandon Bruning: Not not not a rail airplane, but like like um a school. It's like a a training airplane similar thing.
Ricky Stebbins: That's cool. You went to a simulator,
Brandon Bruning: It's cool.
Ricky Stebbins: but I went to a school and I got to fly a real plane. Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: A little Cessna. It was small plane and it was slow.
Brandon Bruning: You had a drive
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: plane?
Ricky Stebbins: I got to fly all get to control it myself and land it
Brandon Bruning: Nice.
Ricky Stebbins: myself too.
Brandon Bruning: No way.
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Brandon Bruning: You liar.
Ricky Stebbins: I did. My uh my ex-wife paid for it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, your ex-wife pays for it.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, she paid for it. That was awesome.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, damn. What happened to you and her? It just
Ricky Stebbins: I got sick and ruined that relationship.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, you you ruined it.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yeah.
Brandon Bruning: You ruined it.
Ricky Stebbins: It was my fault.
 
 
00:22:57
 
Ricky Stebbins: It wasn't her fault.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, it was your fault.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: How come?
Ricky Stebbins: I was sick.
Brandon Bruning: Why is your fault?
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't know it at the time.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: I got sick and I treated her like trash.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, that sucks. Same thing.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Same thing my ex. I treat it like s***
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't mean to,
Brandon Bruning: sometimes.
Ricky Stebbins: but I just didn't know.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, me either.
Ricky Stebbins: I was sick and stupid.
Brandon Bruning: I didn't know. Yeah, me too. I was just stupid. Just telling me, "Oh, you should get you should get your GED." That's not a real GED brand and stuff like mean or argue and then she doesn't want to talk because she knows maybe just telling the truth education thing,
Ricky Stebbins: No reason to fight.
Brandon Bruning: right? Fighting over like fighting over a relationship, fighting over jealousy like pretend she had another boyfriend with another boyfriend like like dating two guys or something.
 
 
00:23:59
 
Brandon Bruning: That's the problem, right? If somebody does that, like some girl, you know how girls do that? Try to date a couple of guys and get in trouble.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that's not good.
Brandon Bruning: No. So bored out f******
Ricky Stebbins: That's too funny.
Brandon Bruning: bored out of mind.
Ricky Stebbins: Gota find some new hobbies, my friend. I don't even know.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: How do you find new hobbies when there's nothing to do?
Brandon Bruning: right. I just smoke a cigarette anymore. Yeah, f***
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: that.
Ricky Stebbins: pretty gross.
Brandon Bruning: They're disgusting. cigarette disgusting. I'll smoke the nicotine, vape, but not the cigarettes. The vape I'll smoke the flavor to it, but not not not the regular s***. It's gross. Smells nasty when you smell it. Smells gross.
Ricky Stebbins: You know, man, sometimes it's fun.
Brandon Bruning: Cigarettes are cigarette worse smell than weed. Weed. Weed smell better than cigarette smell. That's what I think.
 
 
00:25:29
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: And Dallas still smokes cigarettes. He can't even stop. He still smokes them.
Ricky Stebbins: Why do you know why though? He's
Brandon Bruning: He said he's uh bored.
Ricky Stebbins: bored.
Brandon Bruning: He wants to smoke cigarettes cuz he's bored or he's stressful.
Ricky Stebbins: That's what we do when we're bored. What else are we supposed to
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: do?
Brandon Bruning: Go to the gym.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, by yourself with Dude, he does everything with his mom. You know, I thought he went to see the president with other family members, but he just went with his mom. It was just him and his mom.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, his mom's old, too. He's 70. Is she?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Is she barely 70?
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Brandon Bruning: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: He's hanging out with a senior citizen 24/7. It's all he does.
Brandon Bruning: Dallas.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that's what I told him. He's got to find an older girlfriend. Like maybe his mom has some friends that are single.
 
 
00:26:51
 
Brandon Bruning: Wow. Wow. He wants a girlfriend. He wants kids. I know. That's That's what he wants. He wants He wants to get married and he wants kids. Well, you need money to do that, right? You can't just do it with no money. If you want to get married, you got to pay for it.
Ricky Stebbins: He don't make any sense. And that's okay.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: He can be a dork all he wants. Why not?
Brandon Bruning: I'm bored. I don't smoke cigarettes.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, because you didn't you don't have them sitting there. If you started, you would. It's a bad
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah, I done it.
Ricky Stebbins: habit.
Brandon Bruning: I know. I've been there.
Ricky Stebbins: So funny.
Brandon Bruning: Took me like two months to get off that s***. Cigarettes when I was a young kid. I stopped think two months withdrawal and start stop throwing up like um flum from the cigarettes.
 
 
00:28:10
 
Ricky Stebbins: Man, I love smoking, too. When I smoked, it was fun. I liked it.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I got to smoke with my dad a couple times, you know, have some cigarettes and look Terrible
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: habit.
Brandon Bruning: people saying babe is probably more worse than regular, isn't it?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know honestly. What's worse? One gross habit or another?
Brandon Bruning: Right. Even a nicotine be addictive, too. Keep smoking and smoking and smoking it until it's gone. And then you go get more. Smoking it, smoking, it's gone. You go get more. That's That's a problem, right?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, because it was because we're bored. We're just sitting at home doing nothing. You could be over here now helping me do something instead.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: We're doing nothing.
Brandon Bruning: but you live far away. That's why you
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I don't have a car. I need to get a car.
Brandon Bruning: drive all the way.
 
 
00:29:34
 
Ricky Stebbins: But I don't want to get a job just like I want to get a job helping people.
Brandon Bruning: I don't want to get a job.
Ricky Stebbins: f***
Brandon Bruning: I want to get a job.
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. in investigator. Investigate. That's what you want to do. Investigate.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, that'd be awesome. Be investigator.
Brandon Bruning: All right. It's weird. This This don't make you cough. This This doesn't make you cough.
Ricky Stebbins: What makes you cough?
Brandon Bruning: What makes you cough? The the weed babe makes you cough, but this doesn't really make you cough. It's weird.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, what does it
Brandon Bruning: It's like different oil.
Ricky Stebbins: say?
Brandon Bruning: It's weird. It's hard to find a girl out there, you know? I don't even know what to say to I can't just walk up to a girl like I don't know what to say.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know what to say to them. Don't know what to say to them.
 
 
00:30:40
 
Brandon Bruning: Yo, can I get your number? And you look pretty. Can I have your number? You can't say that,
Ricky Stebbins: You look fat.
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: Who the hell are you?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Who the hell it be? I don't know. I don't know. You tell me.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny, man. So, what else you going to do tonight?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. Maybe go hang out with Ezie. Maybe go smoke go smoke some weed with
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: them.
Ricky Stebbins: That sounds cool.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: What's he been up to lately?
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: What's he been up to
Brandon Bruning: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: lately?
Brandon Bruning: no idea. I know he's working at the garage. Like a side job.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that's cool. I can't do stuff like that. My hands, like even today, my elbow is killing me and I'm not even doing any physical work. Oh my god,
 
 
00:32:04
 
Brandon Bruning: really.
Ricky Stebbins: my elbow hurts so bad. It's so funny
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: getting so old.
Brandon Bruning: Well, again, I'm getting old. I feel like I'm old.
Ricky Stebbins: Falling apart, dude.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So funny.
Brandon Bruning: Don't know what I don't know what I'm going to say now, but I just
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. It's a beautiful day, right? Are you uh you working tomorrow?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Uh man, what time?
Brandon Bruning: 4:30 to 12 I think.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So, that's not bad. So, you're going to get to enjoy the beautiful day.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome. Make sure you get
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: outside. Don't hide inside all day like I've been.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. What the f***? Don't say my mind's all f***** up. Hey
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. I was telling Dallas from now on if we're sitting around bored at night, we could watch movies together. We got to we got to pick a movie and turn it all on at the same
 
 
00:34:01
 
Brandon Bruning: really
Ricky Stebbins: time.
Brandon Bruning: cool.
Ricky Stebbins: Then we could talk about it.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I like like action movies. I like sci-fi. Dallas probably likes Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: Sky
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas probably likes romance.
Brandon Bruning: Romance think so.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Romance.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm gonna tell him that that I think so.
Brandon Bruning: You like me to movies? Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny. Oh, hilarious.
Brandon Bruning: No, I want to sit now. No chair.
Ricky Stebbins: No
Brandon Bruning: I got a chair right
Ricky Stebbins: chair.
Brandon Bruning: here.
Ricky Stebbins: I've got a chair in my room now, so I don't have to worry about standing all the time. That was kind of annoying.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Boring.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny.
Brandon Bruning: When I'm bored, I sleep. I'll go to sleep or something, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: Do you? That's not fun. That's so boring.
Brandon Bruning: I know. Feel like going get rebs.
Ricky Stebbins: H. I broke my old pen.
 
 
00:36:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: I bought a new one. And this new one just like gobbles up the oil.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, I got some. I got a little bit left. Not much. See, make it cough.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: See the oil comes out.
Ricky Stebbins: that's the worst when the oil comes out,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I know.
Ricky Stebbins: dude.
Brandon Bruning: It's only a little left, you know. Probably not much,
Ricky Stebbins: You got to make your way to the store.
Brandon Bruning: but
Ricky Stebbins: It's beautiful out of the sidewalks must be getting better.
Brandon Bruning: if I go to u my friend's house, I can just go fancy from there. His his house is right next to it.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, that's not bad at all then, dude. You got the whole night
Brandon Bruning: I can go to Legal Green.
Ricky Stebbins: planned.
Brandon Bruning: It's right down the street. It's um it's like a 20 minute walk. Not that
Ricky Stebbins: What? Uh,
Brandon Bruning: far.
Ricky Stebbins: man, what are you doing for What is this for snacks tonight?
 
 
00:37:37
 
Ricky Stebbins: What are you guys going to eat?
Brandon Bruning: No idea that s***. Damn. Damn. This is old the old bait. I mean the the oil is sold. It's probably like a month old. It's like probably a month old. We had even
Ricky Stebbins: So, what's uh why why would that be an issue?
Brandon Bruning: what
Ricky Stebbins: It's a a month old vape. Listen, man. If you had a thousand month old vapes, I would smoke them all.
Brandon Bruning: you would
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. I don't care if it's old.
Brandon Bruning: Right. f***. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: too funny, dude. Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Sit down. Yeah. It's too funny.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: They think they think you're talking s***. I don't know. I'm just saying that talk
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I don't care. That's fine. That's what people do. We just h we got to keep pushing forward,
 
 
00:39:21
 
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: man. We can't let other people's attitudes keep us down.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man, if we did that, we'd be lost.
Brandon Bruning: I smoke vapes all day long. Like, mom, stop. Just if I have is it full? I'm smoking all day long. My throat's gone.
Ricky Stebbins: They're pretty good,
Brandon Bruning: That's That's how That's not bad.
Ricky Stebbins: man.
Brandon Bruning: It's not bad. That's how bad I am.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, it's cuz they're fun.
Brandon Bruning: It's fun. I like it.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: If there's no weed and be no fun, right? Ain't going to be won't be any fun anymore. If there's no weed or alcohol or nothing, man, there's no alcohol or weed in the world. What will happen?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my god,
Brandon Bruning: Oh my god.
Ricky Stebbins: that'd be
Brandon Bruning: Terrible. Anybody go
Ricky Stebbins: terrible.
Brandon Bruning: crazy?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, man.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Crazy, dude. Crazy.
 
 
00:41:09
 
Brandon Bruning: I don't want to don't know what gonna say now.
Ricky Stebbins: You can sing a song. I'll listen.
Brandon Bruning: Sing the song.
Ricky Stebbins: Gota put you on the spot.
Brandon Bruning: Daddy.
Ricky Stebbins: But
Brandon Bruning: Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Oh my god.
Ricky Stebbins: that is so funny.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny.
Brandon Bruning: Just fap on anything. I don't know. You're on the block while the killer's in the streets with a gunshot.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: Ah, cop running around the block. No. Cop cops driving around. Yeah, I can't rap anymore. I used to
Ricky Stebbins: man. You gotta practice, man.
Brandon Bruning: I used to rap when I when I stopped and I just lost
Ricky Stebbins: You gotta practice.
Brandon Bruning: it. lost the rapping career.
Ricky Stebbins: Practice makes
Brandon Bruning: I want I wish I could do I was like I was taking I was taking rap full time make money off of it
Ricky Stebbins: perfect.
Brandon Bruning: but there's no way you can make money
 
 
00:42:38
 
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: rapping.
Ricky Stebbins: not with that attitude, dude. You got to give it your all.
Brandon Bruning: Sometimes my family doesn't like me smoking weed. They get they get a little I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: jealous.
Brandon Bruning: Not that they're jealous. No, they're not jealous. They
Ricky Stebbins: They're jealous.
Brandon Bruning: just
Ricky Stebbins: They're jealous.
Brandon Bruning: even even alcohol. They don't like they don't like me drinking alcohol really. They have one kidney. That's why they told me don't drink.
Ricky Stebbins: Don't drink. Don't have fun. Stop it.
Brandon Bruning: me.
Ricky Stebbins: Bad. Bad.
Brandon Bruning: It's It's up to you.
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon. No fun for you.
Brandon Bruning: Right. Drinking is fun.
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly.
Brandon Bruning: Uh, excuse me.
Ricky Stebbins: People are just
Brandon Bruning: I mean I mean I mean drinking is fun,
Ricky Stebbins: crabby.
Brandon Bruning: but not all. But like don't drink like 10 20 of them in one night. I mean that's stupid.
 
 
00:44:18
 
Brandon Bruning: Drink 20 beer and drink 20 beers in one night.
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Brandon Bruning: Is that stupid?
Ricky Stebbins: No. If you could handle it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, I can't handle the 20 beers.
Brandon Bruning: you
Ricky Stebbins: No way.
Brandon Bruning: kid.
Ricky Stebbins: H My gosh. There's no way I could handle that. It'd be That's
Brandon Bruning: I can handle Ken.
Ricky Stebbins: terrible.
Brandon Bruning: That's it. That's it. And then I then I'll blow up after after I'm dead. My god the f***. That's alcoholic, isn't it? Is that alcoholic?
Ricky Stebbins: You do sound like an
Brandon Bruning: just throw.
Ricky Stebbins: alcoholic.
Brandon Bruning: It's like if you don't um if you drink and then don't don't eat and then it'll be a problem. You get drunk faster because you have an empty stomach. That's what I did. I I drink on an empty stomach and I go up
Ricky Stebbins: That is too funny.
Brandon Bruning: Which one? I don't know. I think beer is a little better than the hot stuff.
 
 
00:45:40
 
Brandon Bruning: The hot stuff is um it's stronger and it make you sick. You just drink beer. It don't doesn't really get you sick like the hot stuff, you know, like vodka or f****** whiskey, you know?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: I would have I I wouldn't drink that
Ricky Stebbins: I hear you.
Brandon Bruning: s***. I don't know how people drink that
Ricky Stebbins: I don't
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: know. I haven't drank in a long time.
Brandon Bruning: A long time.
Ricky Stebbins: It's been way too long.
Brandon Bruning: I had um I had a drink.
Ricky Stebbins: Come on. Stop.
Brandon Bruning: I had a drink um last Monday. I think it was last Monday. Eight days ago. I had a drink and then I had a drink today. Like eight days later and one drink today. About it. I'm old enough. I can I'm old enough.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not bad.
Brandon Bruning: I can drink if you want to.
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: You don't have to or have to.
 
 
00:46:52
 
Ricky Stebbins: are you though? Really? Are you old enough to drink?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. 36 talking about
Ricky Stebbins: Prove it. How do I know you're not lying?
Brandon Bruning: what?
Ricky Stebbins: How do I know you're really 36? You're not just lying to me and pulling my leg.
Brandon Bruning: I show show them that ID.
Ricky Stebbins: How do I know it's not fake?
Brandon Bruning: Fake. Now you're tripping.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: Now you you're bugging.
Ricky Stebbins: the fake ID. That's not you. You're not Brandon.
Brandon Bruning: Nope. My name is My name is My name is Sean.
Ricky Stebbins: You look like a Sean.
Brandon Bruning: You look
Ricky Stebbins: That's what I thought, too.
Brandon Bruning: like
Ricky Stebbins: Sean's calling again.
Brandon Bruning: Sean Conor.
Ricky Stebbins: Sean Connor. Instead of John Connor, he'll be Shan Connor. Ah, man.
Brandon Bruning: It still got some in there.
Ricky Stebbins: Still a little bit of vape.
Brandon Bruning: in a little weed. I got to buy a new pipe.
 
 
00:48:24
 
Brandon Bruning: My pipe is all clogged up. I go buy another one. Trying to I'm trying to clean it with a toothpick. A toothpick, but it won't clean it.
Ricky Stebbins: Trying to clean your pipe with a toothpick.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. You can put you can put in um I think you can put in a bag with apple
Ricky Stebbins: Huh?
Brandon Bruning: vinegar in it and then you just leave it overnight and it just cleans right up. I've done that before.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: It was like a brand new a brand new pipe too. I'm like holy s***. Brand new. I've done that before but I don't have the I don't have the supplies to do it.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, you got to get a little container.
Brandon Bruning: like container and you put put water in it and
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: then
Ricky Stebbins: H, you know, I used rubbing alcohol, but that's a good idea. The apple cider vinegar should loosen up all the tar.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, grab an alcohol.
 
 
00:49:34
 
Brandon Bruning: Does it
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, but I guess I I wonder what's more expensive.
Brandon Bruning: work?
Ricky Stebbins: You know, I always want to do stuff the cheap way and I don't I don't want to spend all kinds of
Brandon Bruning: Apple vinegar cider.
Ricky Stebbins: money.
Brandon Bruning: It's like probably I don't know 10 bucks to get I'm on drugs, man. I'm just kidding.
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing wrong with being on drugs, man. Put some hair on your chest.
Brandon Bruning: What the
Ricky Stebbins: Put some hair on your back.
Brandon Bruning: hell? You got a computer, too?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: You can do everything while you're talking too.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Isn't that awesome?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. You don't get distracted.
Ricky Stebbins: I do.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, get distracted.
Ricky Stebbins: What difference is it to make?
Brandon Bruning: I'll be distracted, man. Two people talking to you at the same time. Get distracted.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas calls me out doing something. I get distracted. Oh well. Yep.
 
 
00:51:16
 
Brandon Bruning: Dallas.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, we should be able to do all this as a team, man. That's why I want to I want to get better at what I'm doing.
Brandon Bruning: team
Ricky Stebbins: What the f***? All
Brandon Bruning: That was a good one,
Ricky Stebbins: right.
Brandon Bruning: man. Jesus. I want to get high, you know? I want to relax.
Ricky Stebbins: So high or unconscious.
Brandon Bruning: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: No, I I don't want to do that. That's just kind of funny. Come on, man. Jesus Christ. What the f***?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Damn. Can't believe I had a believe I had a drink with my aunt. That's cool.
Ricky Stebbins: That's
Brandon Bruning: That's cool.
Ricky Stebbins: cool.
Brandon Bruning: Wait, she doesn't But she doesn't like me drinking anyways. But she do.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't have to have a lot of drinks, but you know, it's nice to have a few drinks.
Brandon Bruning: No. Yeah. F. Okay. You don't have enough milk to drink a lot of them.
 
 
00:53:29
 
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly.
Brandon Bruning: You don't need to get drunk to drink alcoholic. Don't have to get drunk to drink alcohol.
Ricky Stebbins: Nope.
Brandon Bruning: You just like sip and socialize it. When you drink it, when you drink slow, you don't get drunk fast. You don't get drunk as much when you drink slow, but you're chugging away. Maybe I get drunk faster. Oh, I want another one. I grab another one. Oh, another one. And they make you know you're like that's why I don't want to do that anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that'd be gross.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. I just drink a couple. Not all. Like not too much. I liked it. But the throwing up and the headache afterwards, I don't like that part. But I like the beginning of it. I like I like the buzz part. Like you know you feel the alcohol but like it's weird
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care if you throw up, you know. That that's fine with me, you know.
 
 
00:54:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that's cool.
Brandon Bruning: out.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, if you want you want to throw up all over yourself, that's Go
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: ahead.
Brandon Bruning: I got one kidney. I got to be careful. I got one I got one kidney. So, if I drank alcohol and you have one
Ricky Stebbins: So, throw up on it.
Brandon Bruning: kidney
Ricky Stebbins: Throw up on your kidney. That'd be funny.
Brandon Bruning: They they say it goes it go to your liver right first I'll go I'll go to your liver first and then they hit me then I
Ricky Stebbins: Does it? I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: think
Ricky Stebbins: I think they're full of baloney.
Brandon Bruning: so I'm still alive I I
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. Maybe it
Brandon Bruning: drank
Ricky Stebbins: was fun, right? That's all that
Brandon Bruning: it's
Ricky Stebbins: matters.
Brandon Bruning: on that is no good, man. You got to be careful with that. You only have one kidney. All right, I'll be careful.
 
 
00:56:17
 
Ricky Stebbins: What you got? Like what do they think's going to happen?
Brandon Bruning: Kidney fail or something.
Ricky Stebbins: You're going to turn into alcoholic after a half a
Brandon Bruning: You drink too much.
Ricky Stebbins: drink.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe you could be like a Maybe they think you're a two beer queer. Just one. Just one, Brandon.
Brandon Bruning: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: You b****. You could only hand
Brandon Bruning: That f*****
Ricky Stebbins: her.
Brandon Bruning: up. You f***.
Ricky Stebbins: There you go, you b****. You
Brandon Bruning: Wow. I can drink like 10. That's good. Cannibal.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not bad. T's been good. Good mount.
Brandon Bruning: Feel
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny. My gosh.
Brandon Bruning: like feel like my kidneys feeling. No, I'm scared. Yeah. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, my kidney. What the f***?
Brandon Bruning: s***. They don't have one bank anymore. Now they have um a new bank called Eastern Bank and I can't get it online.
 
 
00:58:01
 
Brandon Bruning: Look at my money. I'm like, "What the f***? Now I got to go to Eastn Bang and change everything. It's gay. f****** gay.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. Man,
Brandon Bruning: How's Springfield? Nice.
Ricky Stebbins: it is nice.
Brandon Bruning: Your meeting is at the end of the schedule time. Oh, see that it's almost ending.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, that's so funny that it says that to people and that does not even recording,
Brandon Bruning: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: right?
Brandon Bruning: Oh, it's not.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: It's not recording.
Ricky Stebbins: Not right. Not the correct way.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: Piece of s***.
Brandon Bruning: You need the pizza s***. Pizza s*** fold and the pizza s*** app. Google your f****** worth it piece of s***. Google your piece of s***. Worth it piece of s***.
Ricky Stebbins: It's all junk.
Brandon Bruning: Junk. It's a lot of junk out there.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my god,
Brandon Bruning: Oh my god.
Ricky Stebbins: so much junk out
 
 
00:59:34
 
Brandon Bruning: So much junk out there.
Ricky Stebbins: there.
Brandon Bruning: That's weird. Girl go is through DDS and I didn't know that DDS funded growth.
Ricky Stebbins: Grow is through DDS.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, that's weird. Yeah, we we we qualify from DDS and and you want to get CBS daily. I for I forget what the hell that is. CBS something. They want me to go to grow. They want me to go five days a week. I'm like, hell no, I ain't doing that. Hell no. I'll do it once a week, but not every day. f*** that.
Ricky Stebbins: Is it every day?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, f*** that. Born.
Ricky Stebbins: But they need somebody to help slice potatoes.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That could be you.
Brandon Bruning: Sliced
Ricky Stebbins: You like slicing potatoes,
Brandon Bruning: potato.
Ricky Stebbins: right? Just slicing away over and
Brandon Bruning: But But that's that's all I learned.
Ricky Stebbins: over.
Brandon Bruning: to the potato,
Ricky Stebbins: Well, they said they were going to teach you how to cook.
 
 
01:00:59
 
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, I I don't want to eat that,
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: but whatever. I mean, maybe you like sliced potatoes all the time. Maybe it's a delicacy where you're from.
Brandon Bruning: Trying to We're trying to make French fries out of them.
Ricky Stebbins: Did you get to make French
Brandon Bruning: We're making French fries.
Ricky Stebbins: fries?
Brandon Bruning: We We tried to cook them, but it didn't work.
Ricky Stebbins: Didn't work. So, what fun is that then? H man, that's brutal, dude.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. You don't so you don't want to be disability anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: That's so terrible.
Brandon Bruning: Is that what he said?
Ricky Stebbins: Hell no.
Brandon Bruning: You said
Ricky Stebbins: Who the hell wants to be on disab I don't want to be on disability,
Brandon Bruning: that.
Ricky Stebbins: but I'm not going to be doing no s***** slave job.
Brandon Bruning: I'm on disability, I think. Am
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, but you you got the slave job.
Brandon Bruning: I?
Ricky Stebbins: You can do the slave job. I don't want to do that.
 
 
01:02:07
 
Brandon Bruning: I I got the slave job.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, you can do the s***** slave
Brandon Bruning: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: jobs.
Brandon Bruning: You can do the slave job. Going to back clean dishes all day. Brandon, you got to take the trash out.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Hey, Brandon, trash is full. All right.
Ricky Stebbins: by yourself.
Brandon Bruning: I put in the trash, take the trash out, do it three trips, I had to take the f****** trash out three f****** times. I'm like, what the f***? They don't even take the trash out. They're waiting for the dishwashers to come in and take the trash out, you know,
Ricky Stebbins: But you're better at it than they are. So we just You're going to do it forever and ever.
Brandon Bruning: probably.
Ricky Stebbins: That's all you're going to do. Just trash. You're the trash man.
Brandon Bruning: My
Ricky Stebbins: Got to sing yourself a song.
Brandon Bruning: god.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm the trash
Brandon Bruning: Trash.
Ricky Stebbins: man.
Brandon Bruning: This man.
 
 
01:03:18
 
Brandon Bruning: I'm a dish man.
Ricky Stebbins: That would be so funny.
Brandon Bruning: Dishwasher. dish of a dump of a dishwasher and a trash.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: I take the trash I take the trash out and clean dishes. That's what I do for the job there. That's what I do there.
Ricky Stebbins: that is so funny.
Brandon Bruning: I clean dishes and take the trash. Take the trash out.
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome,
Brandon Bruning: It's funny.
Ricky Stebbins: isn't it?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Life is crazy.
Brandon Bruning: I I count the trash p I I count the trash pile. There's like 15 trash piles you have to take out. 15. Yeah, there's 15. There's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, and 11. But yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: You make that sound
Brandon Bruning: about Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: fun.
Brandon Bruning: like 11. A lot. A lot of trash battles, huh? 15 of them.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: I count them.
Ricky Stebbins: that is a lot of
Brandon Bruning: Is that a lot?
 
 
01:04:39
 
Ricky Stebbins: trash.
Brandon Bruning: It's f****** like all full. I had to take them all out, put them in the dumpster. It's f****** crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: That is crazy.
Brandon Bruning: That's what I do.
Ricky Stebbins: It's a lot of trash.
Brandon Bruning: And a lot of cardboard boxes.
Ricky Stebbins: And you weren't picking through it while you were doing that, too, were you?
Brandon Bruning: That's a slave job, right?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. But you said you made a good
Brandon Bruning: Am I doing it? You slave.
Ricky Stebbins: slave.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I'm the good slave. I'm that slave. That's a slave. How How you know that's a slave? How you know that's a slave job?
Ricky Stebbins: Uh, I mean, nobody else is doing nobody else wants to do it, so they just give it to you.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Well,
Brandon Bruning: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: this job sucks here. f*** it, Brandon. You can do it. Why not, right? f*** it.
 
 
01:05:39
 
Brandon Bruning: f*** it. I get paid for
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I mean,
Brandon Bruning: it.
Ricky Stebbins: I think you'd rather do some other stuff sometimes, right? The dog doing Oh, I forgot to clean my dog mat outside. Stepped in dog poop. Oops.
Brandon Bruning: to see. Everything to
Ricky Stebbins: Actually s***.
Brandon Bruning: see
Ricky Stebbins: I want to walk around since this phone is garbage. This whole setup is not working right today.
Brandon Bruning: and you got to scrub pans too like the fish pan and the pan. You got to scrub the pan getting burnt. You got to scrubbing
Ricky Stebbins: It's not bad. Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: pans.
Ricky Stebbins: You said it's fun.
Brandon Bruning: It is fun.
Ricky Stebbins: Could be worse, right?
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: won't just let me join.
Brandon Bruning: And my my aunt says, "What happened?" Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: I just turned another camera up. So, what else you want to say?
Brandon Bruning: Um, I I forget which the hell. Oh, tell tell the manager about don't work over 40 hours.
 
 
01:07:23
 
Brandon Bruning: More than 40 hours. Okay. I I told the manager that already.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: So,
Ricky Stebbins: So, what else are they going to find you to do instead of just sitting at home bored the rest of your life?
Brandon Bruning: they want me go to grow and then if I go to grow, I can get another job. And then when I get another job, I can quit racks and work another place.
Ricky Stebbins: What are you going to do for another job? Did they tell you your options?
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you don't even know if you like
Brandon Bruning: Oh god.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Brandon Bruning: I told them I want to upload trucks.
Ricky Stebbins: That could be fun.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, upload trucks. That's what I'm
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I couldn't do that.
Brandon Bruning: thinking.
Ricky Stebbins: My elbow's killing me right now and I'm not even doing any work.
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: Hold.
Brandon Bruning: trash man.
Ricky Stebbins: That'd be so funny. Have you ever heard the Scatman song?
 
 
01:08:57
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm gonna have to send that to
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: you. That's funny.
Brandon Bruning: The cash man.
Ricky Stebbins: I
Brandon Bruning: The cash man. Time is now. Oh s***, it's 8 o'clock
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Oh my gosh, it's getting late.
Brandon Bruning: already.
Ricky Stebbins: It's almost your bedtime.
Brandon Bruning: Spring's here now, right? Spring. Oh, that's next week.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. It's looking like spring's almost
Brandon Bruning: Yes. Wind is
Ricky Stebbins: here.
Brandon Bruning: almost
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So, you got to sing like this guy when you're doing the trash from now on. I just sent you a link.
Brandon Bruning: trash. Trash me.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. I don't even think it says anything else.
Brandon Bruning: I'm thinking about quit. I'm thinking about quitting that place.
Ricky Stebbins: What? Brax.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I've been there for a long
Ricky Stebbins: No, you're not going to quit it.
Brandon Bruning: time.
Ricky Stebbins: You like working there and you just want to change things up.
 
 
01:10:45
 
Ricky Stebbins: Everybody likes a change of pace now and then. Nothing wrong with
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Brandon Bruning: but I want a I want a 40hour week job. I don't want no random uh random job full time. I ass s***. Who the f*** wants that? It's a random.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you liked random work.
Brandon Bruning: Give me a I
Ricky Stebbins: You never know what's going on.
Brandon Bruning: don't
Ricky Stebbins: You know, I don't want a weird weekend job where I always work the same hours and other people have those hours off.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like you work all these holidays and you miss time with your family. That's not fun. Grow and DDS isn't taking that into account.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: They're not trying to help you. And we're going to have to just teach people
Brandon Bruning: f***. So I think it's next week I go to I go to grow on Monday Monday morning 7 o'clock in the morning
Ricky Stebbins: Just start peeling
 
 
01:12:15
 
Brandon Bruning: 7:30 the bus pick me up 7:30 in the
Ricky Stebbins: potatoes.
Brandon Bruning: morning I don't get to go around 8 or
Ricky Stebbins: But then what? What are you going to do there?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. I'll find out. If they come to grow, we'll help you find another job. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Doing what?
Brandon Bruning: Whatever you They said they say they say the same thing you said. They're like, "What do you want to do for jobs?"
Ricky Stebbins: Private investigator investigate crimes.
Brandon Bruning: Huh? Oh, I should have said
Ricky Stebbins: That's it. That's all we want to do is investigate gay crimes.
Brandon Bruning: that.
Ricky Stebbins: That's it. That's all I ever want to do.
Brandon Bruning: Really? I want to investigate
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that's it. Want Brandon to help me investigate
Brandon Bruning: crimes.
Ricky Stebbins: crime. What are they gonna do then? Like, oh f***.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. They're like, "What the hell? I want to be an
 
 
01:13:44
 
Brandon Bruning: investigator." Is that what you want to do? Investigate crimes?
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Brandon Bruning: How you going to do that? Got to go to school for that s***, I think.
Ricky Stebbins: You lying. I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I think you have to go to school for
Ricky Stebbins: Kind of think so.
Brandon Bruning: it.
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to find out.
Brandon Bruning: You got to find out.
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Brandon Bruning: You want to be a cop?
Ricky Stebbins: We are going to No, not necessarily a cop. I want to do this all out in the open. I don't want to I don't want any private investigation. I want public investigations.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, you want public investigation? That's funny.
Ricky Stebbins: Craziness.
Brandon Bruning: Go investigate right now. s***. Investigate crimes and then we come and get you. Bad boy. Bad boy. What you going to do? What you going to do when they come for you? Investigator. Bad bad boy.
 
 
01:15:15
 
Brandon Bruning: Bad boy. What you going to do? What you going to do when they come for you? It is this all recorded
Ricky Stebbins: I I don't know. Maybe Did you hear us singing? Isn't that funny?
Brandon Bruning: be weird.
Ricky Stebbins: We got to do a karaoke night with Dallas.
Brandon Bruning: Oh my god.
Ricky Stebbins: That would be funny.
Brandon Bruning: He's not even on Google Meet.
Ricky Stebbins: No, he was on earlier.
Brandon Bruning: You was on Google Meet
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: earlier.
Ricky Stebbins: That's how I learned that he just went to Donald Trump with his mom. I thought he went with other people.
Brandon Bruning: Let's see.
Ricky Stebbins: Not going to make it, man. You're dying. You're dying, man.
Brandon Bruning: Something going on with my face.
Ricky Stebbins: Busted.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: You said there's something wrong with your face.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: What happened to it?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know like that. dry skin get on my face. Whatever it is
 
 
01:17:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: Oh.
Brandon Bruning: germinology, you know what that is?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Maybe they'll peel it off.
Brandon Bruning: You know,
Ricky Stebbins: Peel your skin off.
Brandon Bruning: you know, what's it called? Germinologist.
Ricky Stebbins: Dermatologist.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You got to do the skin peel,
Brandon Bruning: Oh, that's what it is. Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: man. Have to find a picture of this guy. See what you can look like. Uh
Brandon Bruning: I'm your rapper. You rapper. You rapper. like I'm from Boston and somebody gets shot right in the face for talking s*** and the cops come in a public gun investigate crime coming through your hoodie. Yeah. No idea what they just said, but
Ricky Stebbins: All right, you're fine.
Brandon Bruning: I'm scared of rap. I don't know why.
Ricky Stebbins: That's what your face should look like if they peel it. I sent you a picture.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Your face will look nice and smooth. It'll feel silky soft.
 
 
01:18:44
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh. Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: If they do the the skin peel,
Brandon Bruning: okay. What is it?
Ricky Stebbins: did you see the picture? Nice. Makes your skin feel makes your flesh feel nice. They peel a couple layers of skin off.
Brandon Bruning: Um I don't want to
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Brandon Bruning: I can't I don't want to Oh, here it is. Let's see. What is it?
Ricky Stebbins: It's that's what it's going to look like when you're done.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: They feel your skin for you. You look all nice and red and happy after that.
Brandon Bruning: Let's see. Yeah. Okay. What the f***? Wow. You f****** a******. The f***? That's a weird ass picture. I'm like I saw saw red with stripes on it. Look like a tiger. What the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: That guy has no skin. That's why.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, now I get it.
Ricky Stebbins: Have you ever seen Hell right there?
 
 
01:20:21
 
Brandon Bruning: Now I get it. No,
Ricky Stebbins: That's from a movie.
Brandon Bruning: I don't think I've never seen it.
Ricky Stebbins: That was a goofy movie. It peeled his skin off.
Brandon Bruning: Hellboy, whatever it is.
Ricky Stebbins: Hell Razor.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, hell though. Must have seen it.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Uh, do you mean
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, it was an older 80s movie.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, those are such crazy movies back in the day.
Brandon Bruning: I feel like rolling blunt. I might roll up a blunt and go outside.
Ricky Stebbins: There you go. When was the last time you did
Brandon Bruning: Thinking about it
Ricky Stebbins: that?
Brandon Bruning: yesterday.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, it's not that you have smoked recently. I thought maybe it's been a while,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Just
Ricky Stebbins: but you're still enjoying the the good stuff. I haven't smoked a joint in forever. I can't remember the last time I spoke cuz I let help my
Brandon Bruning: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: friend
 
 
01:22:14
 
Brandon Bruning: I Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: we've only been on the phone for 15 minutes.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not bad at all. Or maybe it's 15 minutes on this phone. I don't even know. I can't even tell.
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: Making uh pasta right now. I don't know. Every time you talk to me, it always ends up being like food. I got some chicken
Brandon Bruning: chicken.
Ricky Stebbins: too.
Brandon Bruning: Cooking chicken.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Chicken breast.
Brandon Bruning: Chicken breast.
Ricky Stebbins: You like breath. I haven't had KFC in forever. Somebody had KFC the other night and got me thinking about chicken. Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: I don't think this is recording. Is it?
Ricky Stebbins: our phone call.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Is it
Ricky Stebbins: It stopped recording.
Brandon Bruning: recording?
Ricky Stebbins: I can go check and see if it is still recording.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yeah. The yellow one.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yeah. This one's recording.
 
 
01:24:46
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh, it is.
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Brandon Bruning: s***. Oh, well, they get mad when they hear everything, huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Uh, no.
Brandon Bruning: People.
Ricky Stebbins: This since the video is not popping up, I might not put it online, but I'll save it for the text.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We can make a new video later. Unless you go to your buddy's house.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You're working tomorrow, you said.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: What time? About four o'clock, right? So, yeah, man.
Brandon Bruning: 4:30.
Ricky Stebbins: I should make you work
Brandon Bruning: 4:30.
Ricky Stebbins: Wednesday.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. I think 5, I think.
Ricky Stebbins: We can always make videos earlier in the day. We don't have to make videos at night. I got to take my dog for a walk tomorrow at some point. I want to try this Google Meet while I'm walking. Because if this works while I'm walking,
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I'll be able to talk to people at the hill.
 
 
01:25:59
 
Ricky Stebbins: I got to get a tripod or a different tripod. I don't know. But this will be great.
Brandon Bruning: making me
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh.
Brandon Bruning: hungry.
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't have a lot of buffalo sauce left, so I got to go to Walmart tomorrow.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to shave my puppy soon, too. He's all hairy, winking at me.
Brandon Bruning: She's
Ricky Stebbins: She's always
Brandon Bruning: hungry.
Ricky Stebbins: hungry. Take forever. You and Ed watching anything Good
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: night.
Brandon Bruning: Huh? Really? Oh, man. I don't know. Nothing really on.
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: I watched a movie the other night, War Machine on Netflix.
Brandon Bruning: War machine.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, that was pretty cool.
Brandon Bruning: I seen I seen um ghost machine I forget what the hell it's called. Some guy dies hit electric and then he and then he's a um electric guy or something. Kills people.
Ricky Stebbins: That sounds like the lawnmower man.
 
 
01:28:19
 
Ricky Stebbins: But then maybe Ghost in the Machine is in a different
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: movie.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Ghost in the
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what that is.
Brandon Bruning: machine.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going have to watch that now. Is it an animated movie?
Brandon Bruning: It's a horror movie.
Ricky Stebbins: Live live action
Brandon Bruning: I don't know if it's on. I don't know if it's on Netflix
Ricky Stebbins: horror.
Brandon Bruning: or I
Ricky Stebbins: I have to check it out.
Brandon Bruning: forget.
Ricky Stebbins: You want me to have night terror? We got to scare Dallas from night. sneak up on them. Scare the crap out of them.
Brandon Bruning: How
Ricky Stebbins: Get some masks. When I get a car, we'll scare them.
Brandon Bruning: we all sad?
Ricky Stebbins: That would be so funny.
Brandon Bruning: Get a mask.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I have a couple masks already,
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: but we're gonna I already have a couple masks.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, cool. I have one.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
 
 
01:29:35
 
Brandon Bruning: I don't know where I think I have one,
Ricky Stebbins: we can scare them.
Brandon Bruning: but I don't know where it is.
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to have to find it.
Brandon Bruning: It's a ski mask.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. What is it? A baklaba, I think it's called. I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: You put it on. It goes like this. You go. You put on it. It go like your nose
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: that I got the Chinese f****** style.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: scared of be funny.
Ricky Stebbins: I got a couple
Brandon Bruning: Pull up pull up to his driveway with with a mask on and sit there and he be looking out the window like who the f*** are these people, dude? They got mask. They got they be like this. Yo, mom. They got mask on.
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to go to the window. Just go through the window and stare in.
Brandon Bruning: Wow,
Ricky Stebbins: Don't say anything.
 
 
01:30:41
 
Brandon Bruning: that's funny.
Ricky Stebbins: Just stand there.
Brandon Bruning: Just stare at just standing there like look at us like what the f****** you think get
Ricky Stebbins: He would.
Brandon Bruning: scared.
Ricky Stebbins: That would be really funny. We got to have his mom hide his cell phone on him.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, that be that' be
Ricky Stebbins: That would be hilarious.
Brandon Bruning: funny.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, I don't think Dallas would find it as amusing in the moment, but we got to get it on video.
Brandon Bruning: Show know who we are.
Ricky Stebbins: That would be so like I love the Taliban t-shirt to really scare him.
Brandon Bruning: I'll put a mask on
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, that would be so funny. Dallas wouldn't like that at all.
Brandon Bruning: in the summertime.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my god. Yes.
Brandon Bruning: You going to do in the summer?
Ricky Stebbins: That would be so funny.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know if you're going to do in the summer.
Ricky Stebbins: Sure.
Brandon Bruning: How you going to do that?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, you guys wear the mask.
 
 
01:31:54
 
Brandon Bruning: How you How you going to How you going to get out?
Ricky Stebbins: You won't recognize our bodies.
Brandon Bruning: How you going to pick me up from my
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: car
Ricky Stebbins: I'll get a car. Hopefully, I'll have a car this summer.
Brandon Bruning: in the summer?
Ricky Stebbins: Hopefully. Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, that' be cool. Pick me up. We go go go go to uh his house.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. We go out, play pool or something. Go do something fun. I don't want to just hang around the house.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Plenty of other fun things to do in the world.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I don't even have a license. Driving
Ricky Stebbins: You got to get one,
Brandon Bruning: license.
Ricky Stebbins: man. You probably be kind of dangerous. I don't know. You got to pay a lot of attention to the road.
Brandon Bruning: Is it?
Ricky Stebbins: Safety first.
Brandon Bruning: You can't smoke and drive.
Ricky Stebbins: No, we don't want to do that.
 
 
01:33:25
 
Brandon Bruning: You all hide crash. Oh s***. My bad. The cops come.
Ricky Stebbins: You be fine. As long as you got insurance,
Brandon Bruning: I got a mask on.
Ricky Stebbins: right?
Brandon Bruning: He can't see me. When the cops come. When the cops come, I shoot him. No, I'm just kidding.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not good.
Brandon Bruning: Don't do that.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. Especially because I'm not good at with weapons, so that wouldn't be any kind of help in this situation.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: We'll be done
Brandon Bruning: cop just chilling in the streets.
Ricky Stebbins: for
Brandon Bruning: Croc croc cop just chilling in the street when someone selling rocks on the block. See beat with the killers in them on a mission. Look like you're on a mission somewhere, huh? Your brain's going somewhere. Killers in the heat of the streets looking at the brain cell me.
Ricky Stebbins: What was the last time you went to a rap concert?
Brandon Bruning: Never been to one.
 
 
01:34:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: What? You've never been to a rap concert?
Brandon Bruning: Never.
Ricky Stebbins: Ice Cube is coming to the Big E like 20 minutes away from me just October or something. October.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, really?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: You ever enjoy content?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. I saw Bone Thugs and Harmony. I mean, not like a real like crazy rap concert, but it was a rap concert.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, wow.
Ricky Stebbins: It was a lot of
Brandon Bruning: I didn't know
Ricky Stebbins: fun.
Brandon Bruning: that. Yeah. I kind of want a blunt takes a while.
Ricky Stebbins: got to go roll one man.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Go roll it.
Ricky Stebbins: Got to motivate yourself. I used to roll like 10 at a time.
Brandon Bruning: Did
Ricky Stebbins: It was way easier to roll 10 at a time. I just roll one,
Brandon Bruning: you
Ricky Stebbins: smoke it, then roll another.
Brandon Bruning: What's going on?
Ricky Stebbins: We're kind of blunt by
Brandon Bruning: Uh, red sweets.
Ricky Stebbins: night.
 
 
01:37:04
 
Brandon Bruning: Stevens
Ricky Stebbins: The other camera is not working.
Brandon Bruning: this.
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't show me. Can you see my cameras?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Both of them?
Brandon Bruning: I see both of
Ricky Stebbins: Really?
Brandon Bruning: them.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't see my camera or your camera in either room.
Brandon Bruning: Well, I see yours.
Ricky Stebbins: What a piece of s***. I only see myself in this camera.
Brandon Bruning: You can't see
Ricky Stebbins: No, I can't.
Brandon Bruning: me.
Ricky Stebbins: I can only hear you, which is f****** weird. Why would it work for you and not for me?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Piece of s***. Always something with these garbage ass f****** amps.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: Can't count on them for anything. Just like the closed caption doesn't work, right?
Brandon Bruning: Garbage.
Ricky Stebbins: God forbid I want to see what the f*** I'm saying. No, doesn't want to work. It works on this, but it's not working on my computer. Piece of s***.
 
 
01:38:30
 
Brandon Bruning: I don't know how I'm going to hold this up,
Ricky Stebbins: What do you mean you don't know? You don't have this spot to do it or
Brandon Bruning: I
Ricky Stebbins: Huh?
Brandon Bruning: do.
Ricky Stebbins: Thought you were an expert at this.
Brandon Bruning: Oh man.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas always brag out you're better at rolling than he is.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, he doesn't know how to roll, he says.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas.
Brandon Bruning: I'm about to roll. I'm getting them the back out of the
Ricky Stebbins: Man, I'm getting so hungry. I can't wait. That dog's hungry, too.
Brandon Bruning: you need today.
Ricky Stebbins: No, I didn't. I forgot to take my medication, too. Too much
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: writing.
Brandon Bruning: well, I'm about to roll up right
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: now.
Ricky Stebbins: I love
Brandon Bruning: That's a s***.
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Brandon Bruning: mold kind of it's kind of hot, but
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Could be very hard.
Brandon Bruning: What did he
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
 
 
01:41:10
 
Brandon Bruning: say?
Ricky Stebbins: it can be very hard.
Brandon Bruning: There's more.
Ricky Stebbins: man. He's so junk.
Brandon Bruning: Okay. f***, man.
Ricky Stebbins: having trouble.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: having trouble.
Brandon Bruning: Sort of.
Ricky Stebbins: Thought you were an expert, man. You got to be
Brandon Bruning: All
Ricky Stebbins: patient.
Brandon Bruning: right. I got to grind it up.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, it's not ready.
Brandon Bruning: No, I haven't did it yet.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh,
Brandon Bruning: I gota What?
Ricky Stebbins: dude. I thought you were already like got the grinder going. You just had to work on the the ramp.
Brandon Bruning: the rat.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***, everybody's riding their quads today.
Ricky Stebbins: Are they allowed to ride quads around the street in there?
Brandon Bruning: No, I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: the legal piece.
Brandon Bruning: It's illegal about Is it illegal?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm pretty
Brandon Bruning: They're They're driving They're driving that s*** in the street.
Ricky Stebbins: sure
Brandon Bruning: There's like six of them. You heard it?
 
 
01:44:35
 
Brandon Bruning: Did you hear that? Did you hear the dirt bikes?
Ricky Stebbins: bunch of them
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, bro. I was bad, homie. Got to be gangster s*** around here. You got to be If you ain't gangster though, they kill you. No, I'm just kidding. You You had to come through Brockton.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. I've never been there, so it'll be interesting.
Brandon Bruning: You never been in Boston before.
Ricky Stebbins: No, I don't think so.
Brandon Bruning: It's all right.
Ricky Stebbins: Thought you said it was dangerous.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you said it was dangerous.
Brandon Bruning: I said that.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: It is kind of kind
Ricky Stebbins: It is.
Brandon Bruning: of like
Ricky Stebbins: That's not fair.
Brandon Bruning: Springfield.
Ricky Stebbins: Field's not bad. I don't worry about getting raped too often.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Brandon Bruning: Wait.
Ricky Stebbins: Great.
Brandon Bruning: All right. About to roll it up.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, you already ground it up. That was quick.
 
 
01:46:17
 
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: You already ground up your weed and you're ready to roll it up.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: See, that's fast. Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: Fast.
Ricky Stebbins: that was fast. That's not bad at all.
Brandon Bruning: Do you see my chair? Oh, it's not working.
Ricky Stebbins: Nope. Not working. Piece of s***.
Brandon Bruning: Wow, man. The Facebook video
Ricky Stebbins: We'll have to try another time.
Brandon Bruning: something.
Ricky Stebbins: You can do it later. Piece of s***. f****** garbage f****** apps.
Brandon Bruning: All right. Garbage. It won't It won't work for me. f****** garbage. They know people. Do they know Adma?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: That'd be
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe
Brandon Bruning: funny.
Ricky Stebbins: Wait a minute.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. You never You never smoke once.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my god, I have I smoking. I just don't have any.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, wow.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm out of luck.
Brandon Bruning: Maybe when you get down here, what's
 
 
01:48:34
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, that'll be
Brandon Bruning: more
Ricky Stebbins: fun. Chill. Check out some sites. to call Dallas and harass him later. He says he hasn't heard from you in a while.
Brandon Bruning: through him.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. He said he tried calling you.
Brandon Bruning: You got to call him
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. He said he tried to call you.
Brandon Bruning: me.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yeah. He did earlier. I didn't pick it up. You want me to hang out with
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe
Brandon Bruning: him?
Ricky Stebbins: needs a friend. Oh, his girlfriend that uh Meline,
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: he saw that Meline chick, I guess, at the store and got all butt hurt.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, really?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, he wanted to cry.
Brandon Bruning: Crime.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, Andy wanted to fight her, which is funny.
Brandon Bruning: Who want the
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas wants a fighter.
Brandon Bruning: fighter?
Ricky Stebbins: He said he maybe he should get in the boxing ring with women.
Brandon Bruning: That what he
 
 
01:50:17
 
Ricky Stebbins: Little Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: said.
Ricky Stebbins: they had a radio show host that did that. Beating up women in the boxing ring. That sounds pretty funny.
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if I want to be known for that, but you know, something sports games on
Brandon Bruning: I don't know
Ricky Stebbins: You don't know.
Brandon Bruning: that way. I'm already roll
Ricky Stebbins: Thought you were You're already rolled
Brandon Bruning: up.
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Brandon Bruning: That's fast, huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. That's pretty good, man.
Brandon Bruning: I'm a f****** G.
Ricky Stebbins: You said it was going to take forever.
Brandon Bruning: I'm a f****** G. You know what I'm saying?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: No, just kidding. We ain't no G.
Ricky Stebbins: All in good fun.
Brandon Bruning: Do I need a sweat? Do I need a jacket to go?
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe I would do. I must be. You might need a sweatshirt or something. Some light, something to keep you.
Brandon Bruning: All
Ricky Stebbins: You don't want to go outside and freezing your ass off.
 
 
01:52:03
 
Ricky Stebbins: You want to be comfortable.
Brandon Bruning: right. I'm I'm going to go outside right now.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Smoke.
Ricky Stebbins: What time is Edson getting out of work?
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: What time does Eden get out of work?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. Does he usually call you or you call him?
Brandon Bruning: Me, but
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: I take a piss.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: You ever heard of um C A B E O S wave moist queen? I use that.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I think so. C E V A cream.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, she very
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. I don't know what it's for, but I've heard of it. I'm curious what's causing your skin rash.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, it's broccoli. I got broccoli, mashed, baked potato, and I don't know what that is. Something some some
Ricky Stebbins: kind of
Brandon Bruning: meat.
Ricky Stebbins: mystery. Did she cook it herself or did she buy it?
Brandon Bruning: She She cooked it herself.
 
 
01:55:28
 
Brandon Bruning: Put some shoes
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: on. Smoke. I'm going to smoke some weed. Let me go. Is it nice out?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, it's very nice
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: though. Tomorrow it's going to be beautiful out.
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah, near me 70s. I heard
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: God
Ricky Stebbins: Not bad.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, Now, do you see me?
Ricky Stebbins: Nope. Was super annoying that the camera is not working. I have no idea what you're doing.
Brandon Bruning: Because you have two of them at the same time. That's
Ricky Stebbins: No, it was like this before. I couldn't see you as soon as it started.
Brandon Bruning: why
Ricky Stebbins: It was a problem. And my closed captions aren't working.
Brandon Bruning: it's a little chilly.
Ricky Stebbins: You know, if I was paying for a business, this would be a serious problem.
Brandon Bruning: Right. Join the blunt.
Ricky Stebbins: There's rock choking on
Brandon Bruning: Good.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
 
 
01:59:01
 
Ricky Stebbins: Sound like a little Honda.
Brandon Bruning: I got my windows open, too. I didn't realize.
Ricky Stebbins: Wow, that's beautiful.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: You can close it when you get
Brandon Bruning: I know.
Ricky Stebbins: in.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Brandon Bruning: What?
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah, late
Ricky Stebbins: Good
Brandon Bruning: night.
Ricky Stebbins: night.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I thought that was illegal in Massachusetts.
Brandon Bruning: sort of wait a minute. They doing railies across the street. Hope they hope they fall and bust their ass.
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Brandon Bruning: I'll laugh. I would I would laugh.
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: You would? Would you
Ricky Stebbins: it happened.
Brandon Bruning: laugh?
Ricky Stebbins: Well, probably. And then you got to go help them up. Make sure nobody's too injured.
Brandon Bruning: Oops.
Ricky Stebbins: That would be terrible.
Brandon Bruning: Awesome. Awesome. Huh? Woo!
Ricky Stebbins: The cops should find him.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: I hear a
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
 
 
02:02:19
 
Ricky Stebbins: siren. Sounds busy over there.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Take that money, b****.
Ricky Stebbins: looking forward to any movies this year.
Brandon Bruning: Not really. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Why
Brandon Bruning: brother. How you doing? What's up? Good.
Ricky Stebbins: isn't the Avengers with the guys over the
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: street.
Brandon Bruning: Huh? There's a lot of good movies and I I don't know what to watch up here.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, there
Brandon Bruning: Sirens.
Ricky Stebbins: coming you, man.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I got to hide.
Ricky Stebbins: You got a pot head on the
Brandon Bruning: A bod head on the loose.
Ricky Stebbins: loose.
Brandon Bruning: We got a P head on the loose. I see a big star. Oh s***, there's a couple of them.
Ricky Stebbins: That's Jupiter. Probably left this blow on the horizon. That's Venus. grown up.
Brandon Bruning: Hey, I I lost a few pounds.
Ricky Stebbins: Just throw it up right there.
Brandon Bruning: No, when I scared myself, I was 20 five before.
 
 
02:06:26
 
Brandon Bruning: Now I'm 198. So, how many pounds I lost?
Ricky Stebbins: lost, huh?
Brandon Bruning: Uh, six lbs.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I lost six pounds.
Ricky Stebbins: Have you been eating any different?
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: Hansen and did more exercise. You skipped boxing.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You were supposed to keep box in, but you gave up.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You can still get back into it.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: You can still get back into it. Not like you're you can't Start back boxing
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: again. You want to go? Finny stars out right now. What are we looking at? Oh,
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: now I do. That's Jupiter. I don't think I see Venus. Nope, not yet.
Brandon Bruning: What the hell?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, it sound like you're about to get run over.
Brandon Bruning: I'm going back in. Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: Too chilly for you outside.
Brandon Bruning: A little
Ricky Stebbins: It's beautiful out.
Brandon Bruning: bit.
 
 
02:09:58
 
Ricky Stebbins: Thank you.
Brandon Bruning: Some people just wear f****** um just a t-shirt walking down the street. Some teenagers driving squads with t-shirts on. What the f***? That kind of crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that is crazy. Kids are Kids can do stuff like that.
Brandon Bruning: They got to be cold.
Ricky Stebbins: Adults,
Brandon Bruning: I know we can't fight.
Ricky Stebbins: man. We can't handle that. Look, I'm a sissy.
Brandon Bruning: What the f*** is going on?
Ricky Stebbins: I thought I was a man, but I'm a sissy man.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: This is your fault. I didn't know I was the lunatic until you told
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: me.
Brandon Bruning: I wonder these. I got orange cranberry bread.
Ricky Stebbins: Really?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah. Good.
Ricky Stebbins: That sounds delicious.
Brandon Bruning: My my aunt made it
Ricky Stebbins: You're nice. I haven't had any baked bread in forever.
Brandon Bruning: right. I don't know how to make it.
Ricky Stebbins: I would love to learn how to bake, but nobody's around ever eat, so I'm not going to cook by myself.
 
 
02:12:46
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh, it's um I think it's meatloaf. Meatloaf, baked potato, and broccoli.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, don't let Dallas know. Dallas loves meatloaf.
Brandon Bruning: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: You got to send him a picture of the meatloaf. I go, "Oh, Dallas, are you eat meatloaf?
Brandon Bruning: When he said,
Ricky Stebbins: Ask him if it's as good as the
Brandon Bruning: "Yo, the thing is bomb." You got to check this out.
Ricky Stebbins: hospital.
Brandon Bruning: What happened?
Ricky Stebbins: Me said
Brandon Bruning: Turn off the
Ricky Stebbins: now
Brandon Bruning: door.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, nothing on this screen's working. H. Oh, well.
Ricky Stebbins: Can you hear me? Brandon, can you hear me
Ricky Stebbins: Okay, here we
Ricky Stebbins: now?
Ricky Stebbins: go. Are you
Ricky Stebbins: Are you there?
Ricky Stebbins: there? Brandon, can you see me or hear me? Man, this call sucks. I'm going to end it because I don't know. Oh, there you go. Brian challenged me to a race while we're over Amanda and Marcos's at the apartments condos that I used to live in. It was so weird being back there and jogging in the same area that I used to take my son for a walk.
 
 
Transcription ended after 02:21:29

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
