Mar 29, 2026
Dallas F - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Dallas Flaherty: f****** leg.
Ricky Stebbins: the stanky
Dallas Flaherty: My f***** up leg.
Ricky Stebbins: leg.
Dallas Flaherty: It's all f***** up. It's your fault, Ricky. You f***** up.
Ricky Stebbins: I wanted to cut it off like I That's what I was saying. He don't need it.
Dallas Flaherty: Point where I'm going to have to cut it off. You f***.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to cut both your legs off cuz you don't need them anymore, right? I wonder if this is recording the video.
Dallas Flaherty: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: Like it should be, but it's so hard to tell. Like these controls
Dallas Flaherty: Where the f***
Ricky Stebbins: suck.
Dallas Flaherty: is Brandon at? He's MIA.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon, you son of a b****. If you're listening, get on here right now, you f****** bastard.
Ricky Stebbins: So, what's up with your dad? He had another stroke,
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, he stroked out again.
Ricky Stebbins: but is he talking all right? Did you get to have a conversation with
Dallas Flaherty: Oh yeah, he's talking fine.
 
 
00:01:28
 
Ricky Stebbins: them?
Dallas Flaherty: He's just really f****** tired and s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay. I've never had a stroke and I've never had the opportunity to talk to someone after they had a stroke, so I don't know what it's
Dallas Flaherty: He didn't know where the f*** he was or you know like what the f***
Ricky Stebbins: like.
Dallas Flaherty: was actually happening when it was happening.
Ricky Stebbins: That sounds scary.
Dallas Flaherty: He didn't even know how he got he didn't even know how he got to the hospital or anything. He doesn't remember.
Ricky Stebbins: That's rough.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, get some
Ricky Stebbins: So, yeah, I'm writing more.
Dallas Flaherty: coffee.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm trying to find ways to help AI understand you and Brandon and myself and help explain it to other people better. And it's a super pain in the rear end, but we're slowly getting there. I'm super excited to do what we're doing right now. Dallas
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, just I hope my f****** leg don't fall
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Dallas Flaherty: off.
Ricky Stebbins: What we're doing right now, what are we doing?
 
 
00:02:50
 
Ricky Stebbins: We're on a Google Meet.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, we're shooting the s*** like we usually do.
Ricky Stebbins: And if you go visit your family, you can do a Google Meet just like this and show them, hey, look at what this AI says right now. It's saying that you guys, and I'll ask specific questions because your family's like, oh, we don't want to talk about these problems here. It'll be very nice. So nice that it'll blow them away.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Well, I never want to talk about my problems. It's like I don't f******
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, we don't need to talk about problems.
Dallas Flaherty: matter.
Ricky Stebbins: We could talk about solutions. Hey, can you help Dallas and Ricky do this? We're going to ask them for help, not tell them you have a problem or you're a problem or keep complaining about how you're a pain in the butt. Your finger looks so scrawny. Hey, have you lost weight? Oh, the turkey neck's getting a little smaller. It was kind of plumping up for a while like me.
 
 
00:03:52
 
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. Mine's the It's not too bad right
Dallas Flaherty: Well, who the f*** knows?
Ricky Stebbins: now.
Dallas Flaherty: I haven't jumped on the scale recently.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, you're not 260 anymore, right? So, you're doing good.
Dallas Flaherty: What?
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you were trying to get up to 300. you saw that movie the 300 and they're like I can weigh 300 lb. I'm like, "Gh, that sounds terrible."
Dallas Flaherty: 300 lb of f****** liquid f****** blood and gun.
Ricky Stebbins: Lop.
Dallas Flaherty: that f****** movie with um Robin Williams. It was a f****** Disney movie.
Ricky Stebbins: What Disney movie with Robin Williams? What? Hook or
Dallas Flaherty: No, it was a big green blob of f****** goo. You don't remember that movie? Like the B?
Ricky Stebbins: Was he in a Nutty Professor
Dallas Flaherty: No,
Ricky Stebbins: movie?
Dallas Flaherty: it was it starred Robin Williams and it was like a
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not sure.
Dallas Flaherty: big green blob of f******
Ricky Stebbins: You know what's annoying?
Dallas Flaherty: goop
 
 
00:05:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: I wish this stupid AI could just pop up answers right here on the side because we could talk to it, but it won't respond
Dallas Flaherty: because the politicians are making it retarded.
Ricky Stebbins: verbally.
Dallas Flaherty: Damn the politicians. Well, the corrupt ones at least.
Ricky Stebbins: This is super super annoying. I wish I could do this better so I could if I could use my other account because it has more information. Flubber, you're right. There was a great
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Yeah, that's the one.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Dallas Flaherty: That's the f****** movie Flubber.
Ricky Stebbins: but see, we could have just had fun with AI right here. We could have had a partner,
Dallas Flaherty: How do you remember that?
Ricky Stebbins: a friend.
Dallas Flaherty: And I couldn't for the life of
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't remember it.
Dallas Flaherty: me.
Ricky Stebbins: I asked AI in the conversation right here while we're talking.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, cuz I was like, how the hell did he come up with that that
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I didn't I'm not going to
 
 
00:06:05
 
Dallas Flaherty: quick?
Ricky Stebbins: lie though. I'm like, it is funny. Like, oh, dude, I'm super smart. I got all these answers. No, I don't. My memory sucks.
Dallas Flaherty: So, well, my my memory don't suck.
Ricky Stebbins: I know. You've got a great memory.
Dallas Flaherty: I can remember everything from all these uh great musicians and guitarists that have passed away, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: Not only that, but these great fighters that were tremendous
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I'm going to train you to sing karaoke and we're going to start a new karaoke group since my old one broke up. Brandon likes to rap,
Dallas Flaherty: Hey, maybe a band together,
Ricky Stebbins: so I know Brandon will do background
Dallas Flaherty: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: vocals.
Dallas Flaherty: I I would have got Meline to do back background. She f****** f****** bleed.
Ricky Stebbins: People's ears
Dallas Flaherty: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: bleed.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Get get out of my ex-girlfriend. Oh, she's not my girlfriend. She was never my girlfriend.
 
 
00:07:15
 
Dallas Flaherty: She f***** me over.
Ricky Stebbins: That's all right, man.
Dallas Flaherty: Never
Ricky Stebbins: We'll find women that love us, but we need to find friends first.
Dallas Flaherty: got
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to just find someone and start dating. That's not realistic. I mean, I I do I've done that very, you know, every single time. Like, I can't even I've got no excuses.
Dallas Flaherty: me.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think I've ever gotten to know somebody more than I don't know days.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh s***. Oh, it's nice out in the sun.
Ricky Stebbins: It looks chilly out here. I'm not going to go sit out there and do nothing. At least you're having a cigarette.
Dallas Flaherty: My mother's working out in the yard, so that's why I'm out here.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. Go out there and bother
Dallas Flaherty: Freeze my freeze myack off.
Ricky Stebbins: her.
Dallas Flaherty: Have my f****** nut sack
Ricky Stebbins: Well, it's supposed to be 50 later,
Dallas Flaherty: shrink.
Ricky Stebbins: so I'll probably take my dog for a walk.
 
 
00:08:25
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's supposed to be 60 and 70 this week. I'm looking forward to that.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, I'm going to be stuck in the house all week.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, yeah, but because you can't be trusted outside.
Dallas Flaherty: f***
Ricky Stebbins: Don't you need like a per what? Don't you need a permit or something to go outside?
Dallas Flaherty: you.
Ricky Stebbins: Disabled people are like I have a permit for my dog. So, don't and I have to have her on a leash when she's outside. Do you need a
Dallas Flaherty: f*** you. You think I need to leave,
Ricky Stebbins: leash?
Dallas Flaherty: you a******? f*** you. f*** you, Ricky.
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't know. Like like see I'm worried about you biting me now. Should we get a muzzle for you?
Dallas Flaherty: You could get a mother Brandon then he's a f******
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: lion.
Ricky Stebbins: My jaw would hurt. I couldn't handle a muzzle. We'll just get like a mask. One of those Hannibal Lectctor masks.
 
 
00:09:28
 
Dallas Flaherty: Call Jim Carrey. He'll get you a mask.
Ricky Stebbins: There we
Dallas Flaherty: Whatever happened to Carrie?
Ricky Stebbins: go.
Dallas Flaherty: Cuz he don't even look like himself anymore. He's got all this f****** facial work and s***. He doesn't even look recognizable anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: Everybody wants to look pretty.
Dallas Flaherty: And people are saying he's f******
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Dallas Flaherty: dead.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you said he was handsome. I don't know.
Dallas Flaherty: What are you a f*****?
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe. I guess that something's going on, right?
Dallas Flaherty: What's going on in your brain, dude? Something chemically not
Ricky Stebbins: Clearly,
Dallas Flaherty: right.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, what can I say? Life,
Dallas Flaherty: s***,
Ricky Stebbins: man.
Dallas Flaherty: it's a s*** show right now.
Ricky Stebbins: It is like trying to work with AI and trying to get it to design apps that help me tell my story and document my life and to keep expanding on the same thing. Not something new all the time. I don't want something new.
 
 
00:10:36
 
Ricky Stebbins: I I do want to add new people to my life and new stories of theirs. you know,
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to understand their experiences like this. I love talking with you and I'm I'm I'm so grateful that you love documenting our conversations even though we don't really talk about anything super serious all the
Dallas Flaherty: Like I told you, like I told you, my uh my father's other brother,
Ricky Stebbins: time.
Dallas Flaherty: John, my uncle John, he died. He came home from the war, from the Vietnam War. He went out fishing. My mother told me because I was wondering what happened to him. He was out fishing one day and he ended up drowning.
Ricky Stebbins: That's
Dallas Flaherty: I like s***.
Ricky Stebbins: sad.
Dallas Flaherty: So he went out, came out of the war, got home, he went out on a fishing trip, and he didn't come
Ricky Stebbins: That's the worst too in waiters.
Dallas Flaherty: home.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I I've heard you can drowned in waiters, but I don't I mean I don't know how that happens if he was in the river or if he was in a lake or he got caught on something.
 
 
00:11:38
 
Ricky Stebbins: And I've never tried to get out of waiters once they're full of water. Like I've always wanted to practice in a pool to see how horrifying it is. Like could you get out of a pair of waiters if you were stuck? Could you swim with waiters
Dallas Flaherty: Well, the SEAL team six,
Ricky Stebbins: on?
Dallas Flaherty: all the SEAL teams, they could I mean, they do hardcore training, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: What happens? Do people panic? Because And then I heard
Dallas Flaherty: They tie they tie both your hands and your feet together and you got to f****** plunge under the water and hold your breath.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I don't I don't want to try
Dallas Flaherty: That's some f****** poor training right there.
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Dallas Flaherty: That that s*** will kill you if you're not prepared for
Ricky Stebbins: I don't mind seeing you do that,
Dallas Flaherty: it.
Ricky Stebbins: but I don't want to try that. Maybe we'll get Brandon to try it, too. He's pretty tough.
Dallas Flaherty: Pass his prime.
 
 
00:12:31
 
Dallas Flaherty: He can't even go into the military now. He can't even be a boxer. So,
Ricky Stebbins: What are you talking about?
Dallas Flaherty: he's past his prime.
Ricky Stebbins: You guys have disabled people's strength.
Dallas Flaherty: The f******
Ricky Stebbins: You have to fight normal people.
Dallas Flaherty: 25 to 31. He's way past his prime.
Ricky Stebbins: Listen,
Dallas Flaherty: He's f******
Ricky Stebbins: I Yeah,
Dallas Flaherty: 36.
Ricky Stebbins: but I thought you guys were going to be fighting elderly women in the ring over 55.
Dallas Flaherty: What the f*** is wrong with you, Ricky? Fighting women,
Ricky Stebbins: Listen,
Dallas Flaherty: elderly women over 55, knocking them out.
Ricky Stebbins: they're they're going to sign a contract if they get injured in the ring.
Dallas Flaherty: Never.
Ricky Stebbins: It they're you're not responsible.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. So, if I punch an elderly woman right in the face in the boxing ring, I'm going to f******
Ricky Stebbins: No, we're going to be gloves and it's going to have a referee.
Dallas Flaherty: prison.
Ricky Stebbins: It'll be for like We'll do it for concert tickets.
 
 
00:13:18
 
Ricky Stebbins: We'll have to get like another Yes,
Dallas Flaherty: Be an exhibition boat.
Ricky Stebbins: we're the woman have to have a prize or something. You have to lure them into the ring with a prize and then you're going to box them. We're not going to tell them how amazing of a boxer you are. They'll just experience. We're just going to tell them you get to box a disabled person for free tickets to a concert.
Dallas Flaherty: My mother's like, "I'm not doing that." Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: And
Dallas Flaherty: you don't get your ass kid. No, you're not doing that.
Ricky Stebbins: then
Dallas Flaherty: That's insane. He told Ricky told me that there was some guy that a radio
Ricky Stebbins: a radio host that really did that.
Dallas Flaherty: host really did that. He f****** just for them to get concert tickets. He's like, "Get in the ring. I'll knock all you out."
Ricky Stebbins: And the audience was furious. Like it wasn't funny. Nobody laughed. They were
 
 
00:14:10
 
Dallas Flaherty: They were all pissed off.
Ricky Stebbins: pissed.
Dallas Flaherty: I would imagine they're all pissed. That's
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I'm joking around saying at the uh Dallas here. I don't really want him to do that, but I can't believe somebody did that.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: It's hilarious. That guy had such guts.
Dallas Flaherty: it is kind of
Ricky Stebbins: the audacity to just like, "All right,
Dallas Flaherty: funny.
Ricky Stebbins: Dallas." Like, "Bagging, all right, come on, disabled people. Get in the ring. We'll goof around." Then all a sudden they knock you out.
Dallas Flaherty: Any elderly woman who does that f****** demented.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, the funny thing is we can't joke around about fighting kids or other people. So, like, you know, you got to fight elderly women that agree to get in the ring.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, I'd rather fight Mike Tyson, take a punch from him and have him bite my ear
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man, he'd just knock. He'd hurt us.
Dallas Flaherty: off.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to joke around, but go ahead.
 
 
00:15:02
 
Ricky Stebbins: And then he's like, you know what? I'm just gonna go all out. I don't want to feel
Dallas Flaherty: Have a f******
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Dallas Flaherty: nibble on my ear. Like chicken.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, you might like it, I guess. Never know.
Dallas Flaherty: I you know one thing I never had and they say it tastes like chicken frogs legs.
Ricky Stebbins: We had frog legs as kids.
Dallas Flaherty: I never had
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think I ever want to eat another frog,
Dallas Flaherty: those.
Ricky Stebbins: but I did eat them. And I guess if they were there, I guess I would eat them instead of just throwing it in the trash. I know. Why let it go to waste? Somebody already did it. Killed
Dallas Flaherty: And that the same thing goes for the squirrels like I was talking about earlier.
Ricky Stebbins: them.
Dallas Flaherty: You know, remember in Well,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. You said you wanted to start eating
Dallas Flaherty: you remember in The Walking Dead,
 
 
00:15:48
 
Ricky Stebbins: squirrels.
Dallas Flaherty: Daryl went out and killed a bunch of squirrels for
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Yeah. So, now you want to try?
Dallas Flaherty: food.
Ricky Stebbins: I I I hear you. What do you think tastes better, squirrel or
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. But I'm just saying,
Ricky Stebbins: chipmunk?
Dallas Flaherty: what if we're what if we end up being in the same situation? Well, that would be different. You know what I mean?
Ricky Stebbins: Wouldn't you eat your cat first?
Dallas Flaherty: I saw some beer out here. A couple
Ricky Stebbins: Or would you use your cat to hunt squirrels?
Dallas Flaherty: uh
Ricky Stebbins: Would you train your cat to hunt squirrels?
Dallas Flaherty: I I'll train my cat to fetch me a beer
Ricky Stebbins: There you go.
Dallas Flaherty: before.
Ricky Stebbins: That'd be awesome. That is too
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, cuz I I've seen on the internet these uh dogs who are trained to fetch
Ricky Stebbins: funny. Nice.
Dallas Flaherty: beer.
Ricky Stebbins: My dog is not fetching me anything.
 
 
00:16:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'll fetch her stuff, but she don't do nothing for me. She don't even like to cuddle. If I come too close to her,
Dallas Flaherty: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: she'll go lay across the room. But she'll lay outside on my lap. She'll She loves it outside on my lap. Inside. Forget it.
Dallas Flaherty: So, she's uh more of an outdoor mut, huh? No,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: she just doesn't feel safe outside, so she stays on her block.
Ricky Stebbins: Worried about the birds swooping down and getting
Dallas Flaherty: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: her.
Dallas Flaherty: yeah. Lots of bastards.
Ricky Stebbins: It's funny because she'll like hide under chairs and stuff and underneath the table you'll see her. She'll just lay out in the middle of the
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Well, you want to hear something wicked funny.
Ricky Stebbins: yard.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, at first it wasn't funny, but my uh my cat Benny who passed away, my black and white, my tuxedo cat, it was the middle of a f******
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
 
 
00:17:37
 
Dallas Flaherty: blizzard and we were living in Halifax at the time at my grandmother's house. The slider door to the to the backyard or the front? He No, he went out the front. Oh, no. Oh, he went out the back and he was running out in the snow when it was about a foot deep. You know,
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Dallas Flaherty: he was just rolling around trying to trying to at least,
Ricky Stebbins: That's funny.
Dallas Flaherty: but he was struggling.
Ricky Stebbins: That's funny. Harley tries to do that bounce around in the snow. She loves running around like a
Dallas Flaherty: I miss that cat.
Ricky Stebbins: goofball.
Dallas Flaherty: This is one of the best cats ever.
Ricky Stebbins: Chats are awesome.
Dallas Flaherty: I need you to stay out in the woods.
Ricky Stebbins: They've got such personalities.
Dallas Flaherty: My phone talk. Well, no. Oh, all right. I'll do it
Ricky Stebbins: That's why we got to get you a headset so you can just stick your phone in the pocket and you can just
 
 
00:18:24
 
Dallas Flaherty: later.
Ricky Stebbins: talk cuz you don't need the to look at me while we're making these Google Meet videos. If you have a headset, they're only 20
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: bucks.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, well, when I get my money this week, Ricky, he breaks everything he gets or loses it.
Ricky Stebbins: That's why we got to get the cheap ones.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Cheap. Then we can go for walks. We can smoke less weed. We're going to practice walking and talking. See how good the service works for these apps.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, I'm not retarded yet.
Ricky Stebbins: We're getting there.
Dallas Flaherty: We're getting retarded. We're not full retardation
Ricky Stebbins: We're getting there. Soon we will reach full mental
Dallas Flaherty: yet.
Ricky Stebbins: retardation. Right now I just feel partially retarded,
Dallas Flaherty: Partially retarded.
Ricky Stebbins: which is worse because I'm aware that I'm retarded.
Dallas Flaherty: No wonder they put you in the mental hospital to meet
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yeah, for mouthing off for speaking up. Oh,
 
 
00:19:37
 
Dallas Flaherty: me.
Ricky Stebbins: you don't like being retarded? No, I don't. We'll show you.
Dallas Flaherty: So, how many more people do we need from the hospital?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. We need to get your paperwork, which you still haven't ma uh you haven't emailed, which is hilarious. You have to just sign it, date it, take a picture of your ID and email it to that lady and she'll email you a link and then we're going to copy your medical records and you're going to stick them online and it's in a We need the BMC ones, too. And it's in a show that they don't ever help you. They just ignore you and shrug you up,
Dallas Flaherty: and drug me up.
Ricky Stebbins: which is disgusting. Those drugs used to make me feel emotionless. And I'm surprised I never did anything extra crazy other than my suicide
Dallas Flaherty: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: attempts,
Dallas Flaherty: yeah. Well, Ricky, that's why that's why when I talk to Dr.
Ricky Stebbins: which is crazy enough.
 
 
00:20:39
 
Dallas Flaherty: Egan, my psych my psychiatrist or whatever the f*** he is, I'm going to tell him, "f****** get me off of the pills. They're not doing anything for me. Take me off.
Ricky Stebbins: No, but Dallas, we don't just say, "Take me off the pills." Like,
Dallas Flaherty: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: why are you on the pills? Why are you on the pills?
Dallas Flaherty: first because I have no I have
Ricky Stebbins: I We want to know why you're on the pills. I don't want you to just stop
Dallas Flaherty: severe anxiety and severe depression.
Ricky Stebbins: anything.
Dallas Flaherty: That's why I'm on the pills to begin
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Dallas Flaherty: with.
Ricky Stebbins: and that's fine. But if you need them, we don't want to just stop.
Dallas Flaherty: I don't need them because they're making me feel
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, but you But what makes you feel
Dallas Flaherty: worse. smoking a joint,
Ricky Stebbins: better?
Dallas Flaherty: listening to music. That's what makes me f****** feel better. I don't need all these f****** pharmaceutical pills that are going to f****** up even worse than I already am.
 
 
00:21:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: But that's not still not what I'm
Dallas Flaherty: Well, you know what I'm trying to say. Just work with it,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky. Come on
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no. No.
Dallas Flaherty: now.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not trying to say what am I trying to say here? I am trying to say something, but share drive.
Dallas Flaherty: You have to find way before you can just lean
Ricky Stebbins: Jesus. So, you can't just quit like, and I don't want you to quit everything and then all of a sudden feel like garbage like,
Dallas Flaherty: on.
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh man, I'm feeling terrible. I have anxiety and I have nothing to treat it." Because then that would be my fault. You know what I mean?
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Well, yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Why Why would I give you bad advice?
Dallas Flaherty: my doctor.
Ricky Stebbins: H No,
Dallas Flaherty: I'm saying yeah, if you were my doctor.
Ricky Stebbins: but as your friend, I shouldn't be giving you bad advice at all. Like, oh, Dallas,
 
 
00:22:19
 
Dallas Flaherty: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: follow this bad advice. No, I should be getting you to ask questions. If you're confused and and I'm positive I don't have the answers, then we need to ask somebody else, a professional.
Dallas Flaherty: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And we need to do it in writing, not so that you know I control your life, but you need things in writing so you can go back to it like this is what somebody said to me. They said this to me. Whether it's right or wrong, you know, somebody said that to you. Ricky told you to go to the store and buy this and then you bought the wrong thing. Like, okay, that's fine. Like,
Dallas Flaherty: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: you just read the note wrong.
Dallas Flaherty: what if I as a substitute because I didn't have what you wanted me to buy?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: You know what I
Ricky Stebbins: And then what if you had a note? What if I told you no, Dallas,
Dallas Flaherty: mean?
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't want that.
 
 
00:23:10
 
Ricky Stebbins: And then like, no, look at the note. That's what you said. What if I was wrong and you did grab the right item?
Dallas Flaherty: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: See,
Dallas Flaherty: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: there's there's so many different scenarios. And I if we just have notes, simple things written down to help people, not to blame people, cuz I don't want to blame you for anything. gonna make it.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm just waiting on that 70 80°ree weather.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, at your age, can you handle it?
Dallas Flaherty: I can handle it.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, and I did put that f******
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Dallas Flaherty: cream on my leg and it feels a lot better. Got to learn to listen to your mama. Yeah. Well, I've lived long still. You know what? If it comes to a point, because Ricky said if it comes to a point, I'm going to have to cut your leg off. Oh, then we do it. Get your f She's all for it.
 
 
00:24:22
 
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky, cut my legs off. Do it.
Ricky Stebbins: All you do is pace around anyway. You don't need
Dallas Flaherty: Do it,
Ricky Stebbins: them.
Dallas Flaherty: Ricky. Do it. But make sure you knock me out first so I don't feel any pain.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you like the pain.
Dallas Flaherty: Not really.
Ricky Stebbins: A
Dallas Flaherty: Well, if you do cut my legs off, make sure I got plenty of weed.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. What if I just put it out of reach like on a
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, then I can't reach it.
Ricky Stebbins: shelf?
Dallas Flaherty: It's out of reach. Be like, "No way to you, a******. We're doing this without anesthesia." Ow. I don't know what the hell he's
Ricky Stebbins: I'm looking at the AI,
Dallas Flaherty: doing.
Ricky Stebbins: so I'm trying to get it to to know who you are during this conversation. Like, I want it to know exactly who you are. And I have like it's like like three different Gemini, which is stupid.
 
 
00:25:37
 
Ricky Stebbins: I've got Gemini on my personal account, Gemini on this stupid work account, and then the Gemini that's inside the Google Meet video. And they don't have access to the same memory, and they're all hard to use. They're all separate. So even though they're the same, they're all
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: different.
Dallas Flaherty: Brandon's not getting back. That poor bastard.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. I don't think he has boxing today. He had that yesterday. He actually went for three hours.
Dallas Flaherty: Wonder how many hours of sparring he got in. How many rounds of sparring?
Ricky Stebbins: Probably none. I don't think they do any sparring right now.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, that's the only way he's going to be able to sharpen up his skills and hitting the heavy bag and speed bag and all that s***. I got 10 years of experience from that s*** because I was always getting bullied in school and everything. And I said, "You know what? I'm taking up boxing. I'm going to start whooping ass cuz I'm tired of people picking on me and f****** starting fights with me for no
 
 
00:26:56
 
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Dallas Flaherty: reason.
Ricky Stebbins: when are you going to start whooping ass?
Dallas Flaherty: Soon as Brandon comes over, I'm going to punch him right in the mouth.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty: And then I'm going to give him a ball tap.
Ricky Stebbins: That's what friends are for. I'm sure that's going to make them very happy. Not
Dallas Flaherty: Well, how is he going to know what a punch feels like if he hasn't ever took taken one? You know,
Ricky Stebbins: I I don't think he wants I don't
Dallas Flaherty: a legitimate punch. I'm not trying to hurt him. I'm just trying to condition
Ricky Stebbins: think in case somebody randomly comes over and
Dallas Flaherty: him.
Ricky Stebbins: tries to punch him or grab him in the nuts.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. So he didn't look at me like I'm doing something bad.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm just trying to condition him so he's
Ricky Stebbins: I think he's I think he's ready.
Dallas Flaherty: ready.
Ricky Stebbins: I think we don't I don't think he needs any more of that kind of training.
 
 
00:27:47
 
Ricky Stebbins: We'll have to ask him.
Dallas Flaherty: Put him in a choke hold. Make him
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. I mean,
Dallas Flaherty: tap
Ricky Stebbins: if he if he wants that, why not? We'll ask.
Dallas Flaherty: sleep. Put him to sleep in a choke hold.
Ricky Stebbins: You guys are adults. You know, you're your own guardians. You can make your own choices even if they're they seem a little unsafe.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, it's not like we're pulling knives out on each other. Come on
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no.
Dallas Flaherty: now.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not I'm not worried about that. I mean, I guess if you want to poke each other a little bit, I hopefully
Dallas Flaherty: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: not. I don't want I don't want any of that.
Dallas Flaherty: yeah. Me either.
Ricky Stebbins: But no poking.
Dallas Flaherty: That's why I'm like, Ricky, come off
Ricky Stebbins: We'll we'll leave the poking for other people.
Dallas Flaherty: it.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to I don't want to see that.
 
 
00:28:42
 
Ricky Stebbins: You know, I don't even like romance in my movies. I hate that. I don't want to see people kissing and hugging. I can imagine kissing and hugging somebody myself. I don't need to see you slobbering all over each other.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, especially the sex scenes are kind of awkward. They're like,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't need to see that.
Dallas Flaherty: "What the Remember the town in the town movie?
Ricky Stebbins: like God's great that you know
Dallas Flaherty: The bar scene before that other scene?" I'm like, "Really? They're going to throw into the mix?
Ricky Stebbins: like uh and we're always watching married people grope
Dallas Flaherty: Why don't you just shoot somebody?"
Ricky Stebbins: on other married people on TV like well we're pretending to be somebody else so it's okay that we're
Dallas Flaherty: You know,
Ricky Stebbins: groping on
Dallas Flaherty: I hate on TV are these f******
Ricky Stebbins: someone
Dallas Flaherty: reality TV shows.
Ricky Stebbins: I absolutely loved that meet Joemo
Dallas Flaherty: Well, the the the show that I liked was um West
 
 
00:29:27
 
Ricky Stebbins: Mo.
Dallas Flaherty: Coast Choppers where they built the bikes.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, that'd be awesome.
Dallas Flaherty: That was Pesa.
Ricky Stebbins: But we need to make a TV show where you're a contestant on it.
Dallas Flaherty: What? like a game
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Kind of like a game show.
Dallas Flaherty: show.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I'm going to create games for you, you and Brandon to try to compete at.
Dallas Flaherty: So, do I get like a grand prize like a f****** l luxurious uh vacation?
Ricky Stebbins: You guys get stickers. We're going to have stickers for prizes.
Dallas Flaherty: Please tell me there's a vacation at the end of
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to We're going to teach people all the rewards that we get in
Dallas Flaherty: this.
Ricky Stebbins: life. Those are the rewards you're going to get for completing these tasks. the s*** worthless rewards like getting a sticker or getting a certificate like oh my gosh or a trophy. We're going to give you a prize at the end that you can't do anything with it.
 
 
00:30:35
 
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to put it on the shelf and look at it and remember that you used to have fun but now you don't. Fun is over. You got a a trophy and the fun is over.
Dallas Flaherty: A you b******* artist.
Ricky Stebbins: You know what I like? I don't ever want a trophy ever.
Dallas Flaherty: You
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want a certificate. I don't I never want to complete anything ever again. Hey, you guys want to play a game? Yes. I don't want it to ever stop. I don't care. I don't want to win. I want to keep playing. Like the rugged maniac. Have you ever heard of the rugged maniac? They got rid of it. But it was a obstacle course.
Dallas Flaherty: No.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to start this back up or get people interested in it again. You and I could run an obstacle course and then if some of the obstacles were too much, you could skip them.
 
 
00:31:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: But you could climb all over s***,
Dallas Flaherty: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: jump over walls, slide through the mud, crawl underneath barb wire. It was awesome.
Dallas Flaherty: That sounds like a hardcore boot camp for the
Ricky Stebbins: And it was like three miles of fun.
Dallas Flaherty: military.
Ricky Stebbins: I did it with my nephew. I did it with a bunch of my friends, cousins. Dude, you and Brandon would love it. And then if anything was too rough, just skip it. Who cares?
Dallas Flaherty: I don't mind getting roughed up a little
Ricky Stebbins: If you get if you need to walk, you can walk. If you feel like jogging,
Dallas Flaherty: bit.
Ricky Stebbins: you jog. It's only three miles and afterwards you got a free beer, get to hang out, listen to music, and then you got to pay for the rest of the beers. But
Dallas Flaherty: At least I said put it on my tab.
Ricky Stebbins: yeah, you get a free t-shirt, too. If this ever comes back, we'll have to do we'll have to try it.
 
 
00:32:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: You guys would love
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Dallas Flaherty: Now I'm kind of scared of getting those injections, dude. after what I told you about with my
Ricky Stebbins: Well, you got to ask about it.
Dallas Flaherty: uncle.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even know what the injections are, so I can't give you any advice right now.
Dallas Flaherty: The lump in your hand which
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, but I don't know how it works. Like, I don't melt your
Dallas Flaherty: is basically just um thick No,
Ricky Stebbins: flesh.
Dallas Flaherty: it's thickened
Ricky Stebbins: Oh.
Dallas Flaherty: skin.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, because you said you have a thick skull, so I didn't know if that was the same as thick
Dallas Flaherty: Ah, thick foreskin.
Ricky Stebbins: skin.
Dallas Flaherty: Ah, I walked you right into that one,
Ricky Stebbins: Yuck.
Dallas Flaherty: dude.
Ricky Stebbins: None of that for me. Too funny.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, I wish was there to hear that one. That was a good one.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, you tell you're a sick bastard.
Dallas Flaherty: I watch a lot of Joey Diaz.
 
 
00:33:27
 
Dallas Flaherty: What do you think?
Ricky Stebbins: He's a pretty funny guy.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: H too
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, I want to cut the blow with my hand.
Ricky Stebbins: funny.
Dallas Flaherty: I'm just getting the blow.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny. Crazy.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, I made I made some more brownies last night.
Ricky Stebbins: Some more pot brownies. Nice. Now, do you buy the oil or you just you buy the weed and just dump it
Dallas Flaherty: I just buy the weed,
Ricky Stebbins: in?
Dallas Flaherty: grind it up, and put it into the batter and mix it.
Ricky Stebbins: Strange. I thought it had to be hotter than that to activate it.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, it's in a 325 degree f****** oven.
Ricky Stebbins: I just didn't know. I don't know. I'm going to look it up. I'm just curious. I'm going to ask AI later.
Dallas Flaherty: and s***, but that's a lot of f******,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't We don't use this
Dallas Flaherty: you know, that's a lot of work to just make the butter and stuff and the oil,
 
 
00:34:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: AI
Dallas Flaherty: but I'd rather just do it old school. Grind up the weed and put it in, put all the shavings in there and mix it and then put it in the oven and let it cook for 47 minutes. You can do it either way, dude. But you know, my way is easier. You don't have to get crazy with it.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Dallas Flaherty: No, I'm telling you.
Ricky Stebbins: I have no idea. I mean,
Dallas Flaherty: Well, that's why I'm telling you that's the way I do
Ricky Stebbins: I've I've cooked I've made weed
Dallas Flaherty: it.
Ricky Stebbins: butter.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, but that takes hours to make.
Ricky Stebbins: I know.
Dallas Flaherty: Like two hours.
Ricky Stebbins: And you're right. Listen, you are right. I just didn't know.
Dallas Flaherty: I can tell you a lot about that planet,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, but I didn't know that. But the the the AI is going in here too talking about he's giving me the
Dallas Flaherty: dude.
Ricky Stebbins: details.
 
 
00:35:33
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like it tells you all about this the conversion happens during the baking and cooking process. Cannabis generally needs to be exposed to temperatures between 220 and 245 for a specific period to activate the decarboation which you already knew that so I didn't you
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: know
Dallas Flaherty: man. I I grew quite a few times in my life, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you said you had a brown thumb killing all the plants.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, I killed one that I was trying to grow here and it died on me.
Ricky Stebbins: cuz you were saying mean things to it. I thought you were supposed to like play some happy music for it.
Dallas Flaherty: No, I played the pressing s***
Ricky Stebbins: Made it sad. The plant killed
Dallas Flaherty: hung up.
Ricky Stebbins: itself.
Dallas Flaherty: Like, f*** this. I'm out of here. You're not getting any butt off me, c*********.
Ricky Stebbins: too funny man.
Dallas Flaherty: I don't know what I'm doing tonight for dinner. I have no idea,
Ricky Stebbins: Tacos.
 
 
00:37:00
 
Dallas Flaherty: n****. I want some tacos. Oh, dude. I want to get a a crunch a couple crunch wrap supremes from Taco Bell.
Ricky Stebbins: I have not bought anything at Taco Bell in years.
Dallas Flaherty: I probably won't even go to any of these fast food chains anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't got I I don't remember the last time I went and got fast food. It's hard to remember.
Dallas Flaherty: Have you ever tried Five Guys?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: Me and my mother went there like recently. I don't know. Um. Hey, Mom. Mom, when was the last time we went to Five Guys? Yeah, it was like probably a couple months ago. It was really expensive. It was like $20 for two
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, that doesn't seem too bad.
Dallas Flaherty: burgers.
Ricky Stebbins: It seems like because they give you a lot of fries, but I thought it was more expensive than that when I went there. I thought it was $20 a burger.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, yeah.
 
 
00:38:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like burger and fries was Yeah,
Dallas Flaherty: a burger for, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: it was like $40 for the both of you,
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. So,
Ricky Stebbins: right?
Dallas Flaherty: I got like a double cheeseburger and my mother just got a single layer.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't see. I don't want to go out and do that. I'd rather go buy the meat and cook it at home and hang out with
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: people
Dallas Flaherty: I make You can make a better burger at home for less as long as you got the right ingredients to put on it.
Ricky Stebbins: bigger. You can buy the ingredients.
Dallas Flaherty: Like I put half I put a little bit Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man. Worcers sauce. Cheese. You
Dallas Flaherty: I put all that s*** on.
Ricky Stebbins: ever
Dallas Flaherty: I put a little bit of steak sauce, some caramelized onions.
Ricky Stebbins: see you're trying to make me hungry, bastard. Stomach's grumbling.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, come on. It's past noon.
 
 
00:38:55
 
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't had anything to eat yet today. I was just
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, me too.
Ricky Stebbins: waiting.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: I just been writing.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Well, if Brandon ever shows up, I can start having fun if he ever
Ricky Stebbins: Brandon ever throws up.
Dallas Flaherty: shows up.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I thought you wanted him to throw up. I'm like,
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: ew.
Dallas Flaherty: He's going to puke all over the f****** screen.
Ricky Stebbins: He was throwing up the other day.
Dallas Flaherty: Ah.
Ricky Stebbins: And it's even funnier because he's got a cough and then he starts smoking while he's coughing and then coughs until he throws up. Like you got to wait, dude. You got to let the your lungs just relax a minute before you fill them with vape. I don't know if he's got allergies.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, he's probably got allergies. I I know I do.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you said you had anger issues, not
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. I have anger issues, allergies, PTSD,
 
 
00:40:07
 
Ricky Stebbins: allergies.
Dallas Flaherty: bipolar disorder, ADHD or ADD or whatever the f*** it is. I'm f***** up.
Ricky Stebbins: Aren't you schizophrenic, too? Like, what aren't you? We need to get a You look schizophrenic, though.
Dallas Flaherty: f*** you.
Ricky Stebbins: Would I know
Dallas Flaherty: You schizophrenic m***********.
Ricky Stebbins: if I was schizophrenic? How do I know you're really talking to me and I'm not just talking to
Dallas Flaherty: That's like asking the question,
Ricky Stebbins: myself?
Dallas Flaherty: do I know if I'm demented or do I have Alzheimer's? You don't know because you're f****** demented.
Ricky Stebbins: But you just told me like I'm retarded. I'm demented. So I must be a lot of things. So how would I know if I really am or not? How do I know you're giving me an accurate
Dallas Flaherty: I just say that to bust your balls,
Ricky Stebbins: description?
Dallas Flaherty: but I'm just saying you seem like you're a very smart and uh intelligent individual.
Ricky Stebbins: What if you're wrong?
Dallas Flaherty: Oh s***.
 
 
00:41:17
 
Ricky Stebbins: What if I'm like super retarded and you're like,
Dallas Flaherty: one.
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh my god, look at this guy. Listen to him." Because you're just captivated by how retarded I sound.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, you're act okay. Now you're acting retarded.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I see all these problems in the world, I try to solve them and then it just nothing happens. Like look at this, another problem. And then I try to talk to AI about it, the most intelligent thing on earth. Then it's like, good luck. Have fun with those problems. I can't help you.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm a corporate slave.
Dallas Flaherty: you have no idea what I'm going to do. I got to go to either Lowe's or Home Depot and get a pot for the weed whacker.
Ricky Stebbins: What did you break on
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, it just got worn out over time from all the use.
Ricky Stebbins: it?
Dallas Flaherty: It's the cap that goes on top of the uh the spool of line that you put in place.
 
 
00:42:34
 
Dallas Flaherty: That got all worn out and f***** up. So now I got to go out and buy a new one. Not a new weed whacker, just that one part.
Ricky Stebbins: They make buying replacement parts ridiculous. It should be illegal.
Dallas Flaherty: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: They should never be allowed to make a new weed whacker or a new design that you can't attach parts to ever again.
Dallas Flaherty: Why? As long as it's made by that brand name
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Dallas Flaherty: Craftsman.
Ricky Stebbins: but they Craftsman isn't Craftsman anymore. They got bought out by another company.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, they
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: did.
Ricky Stebbins: Isn't like like Lowe's Craftsman used to be Sears?
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Sears went out of business.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And then Lowe's bought them and they changed things. Nothing's still the same.
Dallas Flaherty: So, you're saying I'd have to get a whole new weed
Ricky Stebbins: Hopefully not.
Dallas Flaherty: whacker?
Ricky Stebbins: Hopefully you can buy a replacement part for it,
Dallas Flaherty: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: but you might have to bring the weed whacker with you.
 
 
00:43:32
 
Dallas Flaherty: you said that's illegal.
Ricky Stebbins: H what's
Dallas Flaherty: You said that was illegal. You said something was illegal about these uh replacement
Ricky Stebbins: illegal?
Dallas Flaherty: pots.
Ricky Stebbins: No, we should make it illegal. They can't make new parts that don't fit. Like, oh, we have a new design this year. We have a new nut for what? It does the same exact thing. They create new parts, so you have to buy new equipment. You should be able to use your grandfather's weed whacker.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: You should be able to buy replacement parts and use something that's a thousand years old.
Dallas Flaherty: yeah. Well,
Ricky Stebbins: Who cares?
Dallas Flaherty: my grandfather's weed whacker that was a uh gas operated and I don't
Ricky Stebbins: So, you should be able to
Dallas Flaherty: know. Yeah. But I don't even know who has that weed whacker anymore. I don't even know if this still works to this day cuz
Ricky Stebbins: Well, we used to pass things down.
 
 
00:44:29
 
Ricky Stebbins: People used to care.
Dallas Flaherty: who
Ricky Stebbins: We used to have family heirlooms. We used to cherish things. We don't cherish anything
Dallas Flaherty: what?
Ricky Stebbins: anymore.
Dallas Flaherty: People used to take care of Yeah, people used to take care of their equipment. Not no
Ricky Stebbins: Now something happened and now we throw everything away and it's disgusting.
Dallas Flaherty: more.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to throw anything away. I feel like I'm a hoarder, but I'm not a hoarder. Like I I value what I have.
Dallas Flaherty: but not a board.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I just value what I have and I want my stuff to be quality. I don't want trash and I don't want to have to keep replacing trash because
Dallas Flaherty: Mom
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want more. I don't want to save my old trash if it's not quality. Like computers, I don't mind keeping a computer. I don't need a new computer. But then if it's going to keep if they're going to keep selling junk, why can't I buy replacement parts?
 
 
00:45:21
 
Ricky Stebbins: Why do I have to buy a whole new hunk of junk that does nothing
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Then you'll like like the same thing with the TVs.
Ricky Stebbins: different?
Dallas Flaherty: Like they have like a fiveyear warranty and then after that your f****** TV s**** to bed and then you need a new TV after that or god forbid the speaker blows out. You know what I mean?
Ricky Stebbins: And you can fix that stuff. And that stuff is fun to fix, but if they don't sell the parts, then you can't do it. Or they make it impossible by these crap construction
Dallas Flaherty: One time I Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: methods.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, pass note. Um, one time my uh PS4 was broken, so I tried to take it apart and try to I was trying to fix like the hard drive,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Dallas Flaherty: the the disc drive or whatever it is on it. But I couldn't do it because I didn't know what I was doing. I even if I looked on a YouTube video, I didn't know what the f*** I was doing cuz I'm not a
 
 
00:46:22
 
Ricky Stebbins: I've fixed a disc drive before.
Dallas Flaherty: professional.
Ricky Stebbins: The motor went on it and I replaced it in a Nintendo Wii.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, my nephew Wyatt knows a lot about that stuff and he knows how to like modify like your game controllers like Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Does he?
Dallas Flaherty: he knows all about it.
Ricky Stebbins: How old is he?
Dallas Flaherty: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: How old's he?
Dallas Flaherty: He's 30 and I'm
Ricky Stebbins: So, how can you call them about this AI stuff?
Dallas Flaherty: 31
Ricky Stebbins: Like, hey, take a look at it. I need your help. See what you can if you can do anything with this.
Dallas Flaherty: because I don't know what he would say about the AI. and be like, "Uncle Dallas, what is wrong with you? Stop listening to these conspiracy
Ricky Stebbins: It's not a conspiracy theory.
Dallas Flaherty: theories."
Ricky Stebbins: It's a question. How can I get AI to help
Dallas Flaherty: The reason he's very busy.
Ricky Stebbins: me?
Dallas Flaherty: He doesn't have Well, he's very busy. He doesn't have time to talk because he's very busy with his job.
 
 
00:47:18
 
Ricky Stebbins: What's he do for work?
Dallas Flaherty: Well, he's always traveling. I told you he's he was a body He's a bodyguard. He's a bodyguard for the Congress and the Senate.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not sure which cousins you're talking about because you had a com or your your
Dallas Flaherty: No, they're not my cousins. They're my my nephews.
Ricky Stebbins: nephews.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, my nephews. So, they're too
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Dallas Flaherty: busy.
Ricky Stebbins: there's like so many people tell me about their relatives like I can't keep track of who does
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, they're just too busy. So, I don't get to talk to them.
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Dallas Flaherty: I hardly even get to see them anymore. And they and they're and they're all married. So, I uh you know,
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty: but I see him when I see him. I talk to him when I talk to him. You know, it's just the way it is, Ricky. It's not that easy anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: Daisy being cheesy.
 
 
00:48:17
 
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, don't get me on that cheese it. Speaking of,
Ricky Stebbins: I love some cheese heads.
Dallas Flaherty: dude, I had some last night.
Ricky Stebbins: Did you
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, I almost ate the whole f****** box. Thank you. Well, I stopped myself before I got that point. What is there? Four left in the box. No. Five 80. Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny. So, what else you doing today now?
Dallas Flaherty: I'm going to try to get a hold of Brandon.
Ricky Stebbins: What everybody's Tom and Steve doing?
Dallas Flaherty: Uh, probably working.
Ricky Stebbins: We got to get them on a Google Meet video one of these days and try to get them writing and to talk about their experiences. I talked to somebody else that went back to the mental hospital after an experience. So, I'm curious if they helped her or they didn't help her. They just called her to ignore her problems and sent her packing.
Dallas Flaherty: What you mean in the hospital?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. I mean, you know, I understand people need the hospital now and then, and I don't want to take hospitals away from people, but I know they're not helping people the way they should be and the way they
 
 
00:49:57
 
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: could be.
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, I don't I don't trust hospitals. I don't trust doctors anymore. So, f*** them all. If I got something wrong with me, I'll treat it myself. The natural way. I'm done being a f****** guinea pig f****** test uh what experiment. You know what I mean? f*** them.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: my joints out there, but I don't have a light or anything. No, I do. What are you going to do with those two those two buckets? Soil that's in them is frozen in the sun. I was going to take that plant on that big green one, but that's all frozen. It's frozen right in there. Yeah, I have no idea what's going on.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. You and your mom messing with the plants in the frozen
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: ground.
Dallas Flaherty: we're going to have to dig up a few things. Wanted to warm up a little bit more. Oh, you already did that.
 
 
00:52:18
 
Dallas Flaherty: What? Over here. The brown s***. Yeah, Ricky, you should try get getting a hold of him and tell him that I'm trying to get a hold of him cuz he ain't f****** responding.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: He ain't answering s***. He was supposed to come over today. I know the day is still early, but you know what I mean.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Still early.
Dallas Flaherty: I got a lot to do out here. Looking
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Dallas Flaherty: busy.
Ricky Stebbins: you could do it. Put your back into it
Dallas Flaherty: Put my leg into it,
Ricky Stebbins: or or you can have a cigarette and just relax and walk around and
Dallas Flaherty: too.
Ricky Stebbins: observe.
Dallas Flaherty: f****** supervisor
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, Dallas,
Dallas Flaherty: done.
Ricky Stebbins: the supervisor. He will watch you do anything. Just don't ask him for help.
Dallas Flaherty: I watch your whole family eat dinner.
Ricky Stebbins: Watch people eat dinner. That sounds like fun. I want to eat, too.
 
 
00:53:44
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to just watch. No way. Got to participate in
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: that.
Dallas Flaherty: Get me some prime rib, will you? That s*** looks delicious.
Ricky Stebbins: It does sound
Dallas Flaherty: Rib right now.
Ricky Stebbins: delicious.
Dallas Flaherty: I could go for a mad steak.
Ricky Stebbins: Is that ducks quacking?
Dallas Flaherty: No f****** crows.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Dallas Flaherty: f****** annoying.
Ricky Stebbins: nice. We don't have many crows around here.
Dallas Flaherty: H sons
Ricky Stebbins: We used to have a lot of crows in uh my old home in West Warren.
Dallas Flaherty: of
Ricky Stebbins: I always wanted to like try to feed them and get them to be like
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: friendly.
Dallas Flaherty: bro. Sons of Anarchy. That show.
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't seen that in forever.
Dallas Flaherty: I love that show.
Ricky Stebbins: Great show.
Dallas Flaherty: I should get stoned and try to find that on Prime.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Dallas Flaherty: Everybody must get I got f***** up last night off of that brownie, dude.
 
 
00:54:57
 
Dallas Flaherty: I was so f****** high. I dumped the whole I dumped a whole bowl of um
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty: keef into the into the batter.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty: I might have one of those later.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm terrible with snacks.
Dallas Flaherty: Gets my mind off.
Ricky Stebbins: I can't have snacks around. I just eat them
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. Well,
Ricky Stebbins: all.
Dallas Flaherty: I got a bag of cheese balls in the f****** cabinet here. I've been munching on those.
Ricky Stebbins: Those always tear up my mouth.
Dallas Flaherty: What? The cheese balls.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Dallas Flaherty: Put them in your mouth, Ricky. Put them in your
Ricky Stebbins: I love them,
Dallas Flaherty: mouth.
Ricky Stebbins: but they're terrible.
Dallas Flaherty: What would you rather go with the Cheetos?
Ricky Stebbins: I love them all. I'm
Dallas Flaherty: Dude, I remember back when I was in grade school out in Arizona.
Ricky Stebbins: terrible.
Dallas Flaherty: I was probably like first or second grade. and would go out into the schoolyard and I'd be seeing kids just walking around with these tiny snack bags of f****** flaming hot Cheetos.
 
 
00:56:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: Well, that sounds
Dallas Flaherty: And who are you m************ getting those? I want some. And they're like, "Oh, they sell them." You know? I'm like,
Ricky Stebbins: good.
Dallas Flaherty: "All right, I'll go get them." And then one year, my aunt Cheryl, before she passed away, she she shipped me a whole big box with like I don't know, maybe like 500 individual snack bags of flaming hot Cheetos.
Ricky Stebbins: Man,
Dallas Flaherty: I was f******
Ricky Stebbins: that sounds delicious.
Dallas Flaherty: nuts, dude. I was f****** bouncing off the walls.
Ricky Stebbins: So, would you eat those in a couple days?
Dallas Flaherty: Oh, dude. It took me a couple months to eat those. But no,
Ricky Stebbins: My gosh,
Dallas Flaherty: actually I started falling down my
Ricky Stebbins: I'm so fat. I would ate them.
Dallas Flaherty: way.
Ricky Stebbins: I love snacks. H like even now you're just talking to you is making me hungry.
Dallas Flaherty: I can't help it, dude. I'm
Ricky Stebbins: You're a snack, man. Dude, you're like, you're talking to the little fat kid inside of me.
 
 
00:57:02
 
Dallas Flaherty: a
Ricky Stebbins: It's like, just go get a snack. You know you want one. And I do want a snack. Like, I love snacks. They're delicious. I don't even care if they're nutritious. I just like snacks.
Dallas Flaherty: Well, I guess Brandon didn't get back to you,
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Dallas Flaherty: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what he's got going on or what's going on in his head. I know he's upset about the diabetes thing and how no one's talking to him about it, which is terrible. gonna feel like you're abandoned and no one's helping you and you have questions.
Dallas Flaherty: But he won't pick
Ricky Stebbins: Not you. No,
Dallas Flaherty: up.
Ricky Stebbins: he wants medical professionals to explain his problems. He doesn't want you or me to explain the problems. You know what I mean?
Dallas Flaherty: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, it's nice that we're there for him and it's great that you're you reach out to him, but he wants to know what his numbers are and nobody's telling him anything.
 
 
00:58:27
 
Ricky Stebbins: which is terrible.
Dallas Flaherty: What you mean his sugar
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Like how off are they?
Dallas Flaherty: level?
Ricky Stebbins: What should he be eating? He wants to know. And this has been a problem for years. Years. So if it's been a problem for years, why hasn't somebody tried to address it years ago? You know what I mean?
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't come and give Brandon crap about it now when you've known for decades like I don't know it's been at least six years but it's been 10 years I know he's been overweight and diabetes runs in his family so this is
Dallas Flaherty: Heat.
Ricky Stebbins: a possible pre-existing you know condition something that he's predisposed to and we all know he's impulsive live, which is fine.
Dallas Flaherty: H.
Ricky Stebbins: We know he's forgetful, which is not his fault, and the system is not trying to help him, but it loves to blame him, which is terrible. Mindnumbing, dude. Crazy.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, I don't think the train runs on Sunday.
 
 
01:00:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: I have no idea when the trains run.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, don't run on the weekends here. All the time. That other milk is old. So if you need to use milk, use the one in the glass here. Hear me? Yeah, I heard you. Oh, it's starting to warm up.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Dallas Flaherty: It's 44 now in Stolton.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, now it's 50 out. I'll go for a walk with my dog. I went for a walk to the hill the other day, but my legs didn't enjoy that as much as I thought they would. I got to start stretching my rear end more. I don't know why my glutes hurt. I thought it was my lower back, but it's always my glutes. I love running, but man
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, I'm going to have to give him a call at some point.
Ricky Stebbins: So, what are you going to watch today? Got any movies in mind?
Dallas Flaherty: was thinking of checking out that TV show, The Blinds, but I'm
Ricky Stebbins: Who's in that?
Dallas Flaherty: not sure.
Ricky Stebbins: I know I've heard about it, but Man, body is getting old.
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah. So isn't mine.
Ricky Stebbins: I get $1 hot dogs at a Boston sandwich shop because of the Red Sox, whatever that means.
Dallas Flaherty: What? Because they won.
Ricky Stebbins: Did they win? I didn't even watch any games or
Dallas Flaherty: Yeah, me neither.
Ricky Stebbins: anything.
Dallas Flaherty: That's why I was asking you.
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe they're trying to promote the Red
Dallas Flaherty: There better be some f****** decent hot dogs,
Ricky Stebbins: Sox
Dallas Flaherty: son. Yeah, he's not getting back to me. f***. I got to give him a call back.
Ricky Stebbins: All right, man.
Dallas Flaherty: I'll call you in a little bit. The best.
Ricky Stebbins: Jeez.
 
 
Transcription ended after 01:07:18

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
