Mar 25, 2026
Brandon - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Or you can enjoy the video. Hello. All right, this is perfect.
Brandon Bruning: Can you hear
Ricky Stebbins: Can hear.
Brandon Bruning: me?
Ricky Stebbins: So, how was your meeting today?
Brandon Bruning: Oh, wasn't so bad.
Ricky Stebbins: So, do they even tell you anything at these meetings? Like, do they help you? Do you feel like you learned anything? Do they leave you more confused?
Brandon Bruning: Well, I learned something about hygiene. Like you need to, you know, um what the hell I supposed to say? You know, do your laundry once a week. Um change your clothes every day. Like don't keep wearing the same clothes all the time. If you keep changing them, right? Because I keep wearing because I keep wearing the same clothes all the time.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Anyways, I don't even listen, you
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I mean, we should change our clothes now and then,
Brandon Bruning: know,
Ricky Stebbins: but I understand not changing your clothes every day. I mean, I don't change every day.
 
 
00:02:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: every other day depending on how dirty you
Brandon Bruning: right? Unless I'm at work,
Ricky Stebbins: get
Brandon Bruning: then I definitely have to um you know do laundry and you know work clothes. But I wear them same clothes every day anyways. When I go to work, I just wear put this put the pants right back on and just go to work. Doesn't even get dirty, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: exactly.
Brandon Bruning: But it'll smell like the food will smell
Ricky Stebbins: When I used to work at a restaurant,
Brandon Bruning: it.
Ricky Stebbins: I would wear the same pants for days. You would smell like food all the time. I would have to do laundry every single day if I was going to worry about that. Same thing with white work jeans. You can't wash them every single day unless they're really disgusting.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, it's true. Excuse me.
Ricky Stebbins: Ah, so what other problems are you dealing with? You don't have a day program yet. What happened with that?
 
 
00:04:02
 
Brandon Bruning: Um I don't know. I said I'm supposed to call them. Is that what they say?
Ricky Stebbins: You're supposed to call them.
Brandon Bruning: You are supposed to call them. Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody sent them a message to call you and set things
Brandon Bruning: because they told me they sent me a message two weeks
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Brandon Bruning: ago say in two weeks they'll come the CBS program every Monday but then never even came not even I'm waiting you know I've been waiting so they want me to call them make up a schedule once they call me make up a schedule but I have to call them that make any sense
Ricky Stebbins: They should have somebody who's helping you and advocating for you, especially because you don't understand what's going on. Why are you going to this day program?
Brandon Bruning: Why go there?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Why did But help you with
Brandon Bruning: To help you out? They supposed to help you out.
Ricky Stebbins: what?
Brandon Bruning: Jobs.
Ricky Stebbins: But they were setting you up with a that uh right to work program.
 
 
00:05:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: So Grow's not helping you get a job. So I don't understand. They had you slice potatoes, but no one's allowing you to cook.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, that's Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: You burnt a hot dog six years ago,
Brandon Bruning: Slides
Ricky Stebbins: so you're not allowed to use the stove ever again.
Brandon Bruning: into
Ricky Stebbins: But nobody stands by your side and cooks with you, so you have a fresh cooked meal. I mean,
Brandon Bruning: me.
Ricky Stebbins: the microwave is nice,
Brandon Bruning: I'm just thinking a little
Ricky Stebbins: but you don't have to worry about this. You don't have to think about all this stuff all at once. And it's not fair to make you think about this all at once. When you have a problem,
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: you should have a little notepad that somebody helps you keep track of issues with so you can address them later. Especially if you're forgetful,
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: we have phones on us that are always handy. If you're doing your laundry,
 
 
00:06:10
 
Brandon Bruning: I'm I'm forgettable.
Ricky Stebbins: it could remind you
Brandon Bruning: I know I'm forgettable. Like I I just talk in a conversation, I just forget about it. Like the meeting today, I didn't write it down what they're saying. I just try to try to memorize it, but I can't remember what they're saying sometimes. only
Ricky Stebbins: And they know this and they know they're supposed to help you and they're supposed to write things down so you
Brandon Bruning: some.
Ricky Stebbins: have time to process it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, so every time I every time I say something, they write it down, but they don't.
Ricky Stebbins: They should write down what you say. If you have a problem,
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: how am I going to remember it when I have my own problems?
Brandon Bruning: right. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: It You can't remember your problems and now I'm supposed to remember your problems and my problems and everybody else I'm working with's problems. These people need to help take notes. That's it.
 
 
00:07:06
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Notes,
Brandon Bruning: What's that?
Ricky Stebbins: better notes help you. Little reminders, especially this sucks because we have AI and you have hearing aids,
Brandon Bruning: Not
Ricky Stebbins: so it's always connected to you. It's always listening to you. Always. As long as you can hear and talk, AI can hear you and talk to you.
Brandon Bruning: how AI listen to us right now. Yeah. Yo. Yeah, right. lying. Gemini.
Ricky Stebbins: with you later. Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Brandon.
Ricky Stebbins: I want your family to see how we can use this to help
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Brandon Bruning: help me. Brandon.
Ricky Stebbins: Go ahead.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Oh, I'm on the phone with somebody. I was important. Hold on. Hey, can I call you right back supporting?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Brandon Bruning: Hello. Can you hear me?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. How was your
Brandon Bruning: Are you on the you?
 
 
00:09:54
 
Ricky Stebbins: conversation?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, it's good. I don't want to talk about it. This is It just uh it's just personal. I don't want to. It's just about my just about my kidneys. So, just say she said you need to stop drinking because my doctor told me something wrong with my my kidneys not working very well. So they think it's could be a lot of sugar or it can be like Pepsi or maybe alcohol because my kidney is not working very well. That's what they
Ricky Stebbins: What do they mean?
Brandon Bruning: say.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not working very well. Did they show you some numbers? When did you have blood work done? Yesterday.
Brandon Bruning: uh two days ago. So
Ricky Stebbins: You had blood work done two days ago and you were sick and dehydrated and now they're saying that your blood work's off and they want you to worry,
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but they haven't asked you to eat healthier, drink some fluids, and get new blood work to see if your kidneys actually functioning correctly.
 
 
00:11:06
 
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: These are supposed to be medical professionals. And we're going to talk about this with people publicly because I have a serious problem with this.
Brandon Bruning: medical. What is it?
Ricky Stebbins: Medical professionals,
Brandon Bruning: Medical professional. What's that?
Ricky Stebbins: doctors, therapists, nurses.
Brandon Bruning: Doctor's therapist.
Ricky Stebbins: When you're dehydrated and then you go and give blood.
Brandon Bruning: Dehydrated.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. When you when you're sick and you're dehydrated and you give blood,
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: you give bad numbers all the time.
Brandon Bruning: Maybe I didn't drink enough water that day that that um
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe you don't drink enough water every day. We don't know. We need to keep track.
Brandon Bruning: probably
Ricky Stebbins: Who's helping keep track of your fluid and food intake?
Brandon Bruning: M myself.
Ricky Stebbins: There you go. Oh, that's great, huh?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It And we all know that you have a bad memory.
Brandon Bruning: Cool, huh?
Ricky Stebbins: So, that's fantastic.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Fantastic.
 
 
00:12:14
 
Brandon Bruning: Huh? Got a bad memory.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry. This is absolutely terrible.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I shouldn't laugh, but I mean, I have to laugh. How? Otherwise, I'm going to get mad.
Brandon Bruning: You're going to get mad.
Ricky Stebbins: It makes you want to flip out. I don't want to get mad at other people,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but why are things the way they
Brandon Bruning: I mean, I don't I don't I don't drink every day,
Ricky Stebbins: are?
Brandon Bruning: so that's not I mean, I don't drink every day. Maybe the sugar, maybe the Pepsi I take like Yeah. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: And if the Pepsi is a problem,
Brandon Bruning: Sugar fried
Ricky Stebbins: why aren't they helping encourage you find something better. I mean, the fried chicken's bad, too, but it's delicious.
Brandon Bruning: chicken.
Ricky Stebbins: And I talked to you about the grilled chicken. Why isn't someone that's there standing by your side encouraging you to have a grilled chicken salad or sandwich or instead of having fried chicken,
 
 
00:13:19
 
Brandon Bruning: Red chicken.
Ricky Stebbins: they know you do well with positive reinforcement.
Brandon Bruning: So, can you can your kidneys not work very well if you if you eat s***** food?
Ricky Stebbins: I think it's more your liver.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: But drinking the sugars is terrible.
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Being dehydrated is terrible cuz your kidneys need to filter. And if there's not enough
Brandon Bruning: Can Can Pepsi make you behind? Pepsi.
Ricky Stebbins: fluid,
Brandon Bruning: Pepsi can make you dehydrated, right? Pepsi. If you keep drinking Pepsi all the time, get you dehydrated.
Ricky Stebbins: yes,
Brandon Bruning: It has sugar in
Ricky Stebbins: too much sugar, too much coffee. I mean,
Brandon Bruning: it.
Ricky Stebbins: even drinking too much water can uh rob your body of vitamins and minerals because you keep going to the bathroom.
Brandon Bruning: Wait, wait. So, I'm drinking
Ricky Stebbins: So, you shouldn't keep drinking water and drinking it.
Brandon Bruning: water.
Ricky Stebbins: If you feel like you need to drink water, you should. You know, if your lips are dry, your mouth feels dry.
 
 
00:14:19
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And it's hard too with people who are sedentary. We should be moving around a lot more. Someone should come go for walks with you at the park,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: take you hiking, show you beautiful places. There should be outings. I don't like when's the last time you went hiking up a mountain?
Brandon Bruning: hiking on a mountain. Oh my god. I'll say holy s***. Uh maybe I'll say seven years ago.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my god,
Brandon Bruning: A long time ago.
Ricky Stebbins: that is horrible. That is absolutely terrible, dude. Seven years
Brandon Bruning: Like I went um you know White Mountain,
Ricky Stebbins: ago,
Brandon Bruning: what's it called? White and Washington. What is it called? Mountain Washington.
Ricky Stebbins: did you drive up it?
Brandon Bruning: No, I I um took we um I walked up. I had to walk all the way up. Take like about eight hours. I mean take about five hours to get up there.
 
 
00:15:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: That is awesome,
Brandon Bruning: I walked and
Ricky Stebbins: dude. I've always wanted to do that. I don't know if I could handle that anymore.
Brandon Bruning: And that'd be cool.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm impressed. Oh, dude,
Brandon Bruning: It's like a I got so tired when I got up there and then when I walk
Ricky Stebbins: that is so cool.
Brandon Bruning: down I'm like I ain't doing that. I'll I'll drive back down there. Like I ain't I ain't going up there and then walk back down. No way.
Ricky Stebbins: Did you drive down or did you take a train?
Brandon Bruning: That's too much for me.
Ricky Stebbins: They had a train at one time.
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah, they Yeah, they did have Wait a minute. Uh, I think I'll go on a bus in Mount Washington with my
Ricky Stebbins: That's awesome.
Brandon Bruning: uncle.
Ricky Stebbins: That's still cool. Was it beautiful?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, it's nice.
Ricky Stebbins: There's so many mountains around here, too. small mountains that only take you like a half hour or an hour to walk up.
 
 
00:16:19
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh, this mountain's like five miles. The big mountain.
Ricky Stebbins: That's a Yeah, that's a lot of exercise.
Brandon Bruning: No, Mount Washington.
Ricky Stebbins: But I would still love to try that sometime again. Oh man, if one of these days I hope I can do that.
Brandon Bruning: in New Hampshire. Go to New Hampshire. Hagen.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Ah, f***. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So that's so cool. So who'd you go hiking with?
Brandon Bruning: Um, my uncle
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. Just you and your uncle.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to go with a group of people. I want to go with like 15 people.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. But I can't drink anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't need to drink to have
Brandon Bruning: Can't drink anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: fun.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: I used to love going to karaoke and I would never drink while I was singing because I wanted to sound good. I didn't want to slur my words like
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Right.
 
 
00:17:35
 
Ricky Stebbins: anybody cared.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: But I thought it was fun.
Brandon Bruning: I don't
Ricky Stebbins: The good old days. So,
Brandon Bruning: know.
Ricky Stebbins: what karaoke songs do you like to sing?
Brandon Bruning: Uh don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: No one's ever got you to sing karaoke before.
Brandon Bruning: No, really.
Ricky Stebbins: That's too funny. No,
Brandon Bruning: I'm sorry about my kidneys.
Ricky Stebbins: nobody should tell you stuff like that.
Brandon Bruning: Damn.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry. Don't worry about it. If you're worried about your kidneys, go drink some water.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody should come and tell you, "Oh, you got to worry about this. You got to worry about that." and not explain why.
Brandon Bruning: The dogs don't know why, huh? They should know why.
Ricky Stebbins: They do know why, but they need to explain it to you so that you understand.
Brandon Bruning: explain it to you.
Ricky Stebbins: This is about you, not about them.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, we're going to find a way to help you.
 
 
00:18:59
 
Ricky Stebbins: And we don't need you sitting at home worrying about your kidneys failing and we need to get a nutritionist involved. I don't understand what happened. I thought you were supposed to get a nutritionist.
Brandon Bruning: They have no idea what happened to that
Ricky Stebbins: I don't either.
Brandon Bruning: either.
Ricky Stebbins: There's too much to keep track of. And this is why we need AI. I don't even know what we call it. Secretary to keep track of all this stuff, to keep track of your calendar and your notes,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to fight like an animal for you to have a partner that's always there to help you. So, when I ask, "Hey, where's Brandon at with his GED classes?" Oh, here he is. We don't need to fight to help you remember.
Brandon Bruning: We don't need to help you
Ricky Stebbins: We'll have somebody to help you remember.
Brandon Bruning: remember.
Ricky Stebbins: And with your medication, like, oh, did Brandon take his medication? Did Brandon drink enough water today?
 
 
00:20:08
 
Ricky Stebbins: You know, the doctor mentioned his kidney levels were off, but how off are they? Should Brandon be worried? Or is this just a precaution? Like, hey, Brandon, don't jump off the roof. You might break your leg, you know? Hey, your kidney levels are a little high, so be careful, you know? Are they just warning you?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Or do you have to be worried?
Brandon Bruning: They just warning me, I guess.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. So,
Brandon Bruning: I think
Ricky Stebbins: that's hopefully they're just warning you, but they don't they don't tell you. And I want to know how offer are his levels. Should he be drinking more water?
Brandon Bruning: So
Ricky Stebbins: And if no one else is talking to you and I am,
Brandon Bruning: what?
Ricky Stebbins: should I be telling you to drink more water?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. No. Yeah. My god.
Ricky Stebbins: How am I supposed to help you if nobody tells you exactly what you need to do to improve your
 
 
00:20:54
 
Brandon Bruning: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: life?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: And then people say, "I'm a problem." But all I want to do is help you find answers to your questions. How is that a problem? I don't even want anything. I just want to hear your stories.
Brandon Bruning: I just want to hear your story and I want to share
Ricky Stebbins: and I want to share them with AI so they understand the problems that you're dealing with and can
Brandon Bruning: with
Ricky Stebbins: help me come up with solutions to solve
Brandon Bruning: them.
Ricky Stebbins: them.
Brandon Bruning: So, is it because can your kidneys bail because you're drinking
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: along?
Ricky Stebbins: your kidneys can fail because alcohol can dehydrate you the same way standing in the sun running around and not drinking water can dehydrate you. So if you drink alcohol and then you don't drink water and nobody encourages you to drink water, then there's a problem.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, so if I'm dehydrated, my kidneys go off pretty much.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Maybe that's what it
 
 
00:22:03
 
Ricky Stebbins: And then the sugars and alcohol are not good for you.
Brandon Bruning: is.
Ricky Stebbins: Like if you drank vodka, I believe it's Grey Goose. Like it there's no sugar in it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, that's disgusting.
Ricky Stebbins: It's rough.
Brandon Bruning: That's disgusting.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, yeah. of people that want to drink but don't want the side
Brandon Bruning: f***. That's f****** gross.
Ricky Stebbins: effects.
Brandon Bruning: Bl is f****** gross. Hate that taste. Nasty. Burn the throat.
Ricky Stebbins: It kills the
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: germs.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not encouraging you to go out and drink vodka. I'm just telling you that's what I heard and I'm not I don't feel like I need to test that
Brandon Bruning: I don't feel
Ricky Stebbins: idea out right now.
Brandon Bruning: like
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny. So, what else do they tell you about this work program stuff now? You can't go to the right to work program because you're not getting social security anymore because you're working too many hours.
 
 
00:23:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: But nobody told you how many hours or too many to keep you on social security.
Brandon Bruning: Um uh they said no more.
Ricky Stebbins: And how does this affect your medical
Brandon Bruning: You only work under I can only work under 40 hours.
Ricky Stebbins: insurance?
Brandon Bruning: That's it. Just 40 down. That's the only thing I can only work because you know disability benefits I guess something some funds I have but I don't know I get some kind of money for living here so I don't
Ricky Stebbins: they get money to take care of you.
Brandon Bruning: know.
Ricky Stebbins: They wouldn't be doing this out of the kindness of their hearts because if they were, they would be helping you in other ways. And instead,
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: you and I are talking.
Brandon Bruning: You don't get paid for
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Brandon Bruning: this.
Ricky Stebbins: And if I did get paid for this, I wouldn't be sitting here talking on the computer. We'd be doing something. We'd be driving around. You'd be productive.
 
 
00:24:16
 
Ricky Stebbins: I feel like being productive. Like we could go for hikes, walks to the mall,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: something we could go start getting people to clean up parks and then when our bodies bother us, we could just stop because we're on disability.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So we're not forced to keep busting our rear ends. We're not slaves, but we can contribute to society.
Brandon Bruning: Tribute society.
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody wants me to get a job because I keep pushing people to do better. Like, why aren't we helping people more?
Brandon Bruning: Why aren't we
Ricky Stebbins: Why can't we just do a little bit?
Brandon Bruning: helping?
Ricky Stebbins: Just a little bit more and we'll make a huge difference in the world.
Brandon Bruning: Don't
Ricky Stebbins: Spread just a little bit of kindness.
Brandon Bruning: know.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, why am I spending time talking with you in Dallas for hours on end and no one else wants to talk to you guys? Why why
Brandon Bruning: I don't know how my kidneys are if your kidneys are feeling my eyes will be yellow right now, right?
 
 
00:25:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: that's your liver just jaundice?
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yellow is your liver.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, your liver enzymes,
Brandon Bruning: Nice.
Ricky Stebbins: which alcohol affects people's livers as well.
Brandon Bruning: Mine's not yellow.
Ricky Stebbins: So, if you had a serious problem being an alcoholic, they would complain about your liver, but they're complaining about you being dehydrated and putting a burden on your
Brandon Bruning: and say,
Ricky Stebbins: kidney.
Brandon Bruning: "Don't drink alcohol or something like that."
Ricky Stebbins: And then what? Don't drink alcohol, Brandon. Goodbye. Hang out by yourself.
Brandon Bruning: Hang on by yourself.
Ricky Stebbins: Isn't that ridiculous? I want you to do something,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but I don't want to help you do it. I just expect you to do it on your own. Call them and figure things out. Brandon, you know what to do,
Brandon Bruning: Know what to do.
Ricky Stebbins: right?
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: No, that's not how this works.
Brandon Bruning: You say,
Ricky Stebbins: Someone's supposed to help
Brandon Bruning: you say if you have one glass of wine,
 
 
00:26:27
 
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Brandon Bruning: it's good for you. That's what they say. Have one glass of wine is good for you. Or one glass of beer is good for you. That's what people say. If you have like two or three or four, it's not good for you. But if you have just one glass a day, it's good for you. That's what they say.
Ricky Stebbins: A little of everything's okay. Doing too much of anything is never good. It throws your body out of whack. And even then,
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: people know that you like to have a drink. If they know this, why aren't they working around it? Work with the idea, not against it.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: All right, we want you to drink less. That's fine. Who cares? Why can't we make it fun?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. They don't want to make a
Ricky Stebbins: I don't understand people anymore.
Brandon Bruning: fun
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sorry.
 
 
00:27:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: People are weird. Doesn't that drive you nuts? Like where do you turn to when you need help and people tell you don't worry about it.
Brandon Bruning: don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: This is the same problem I had with my last therapist. And this is why I probably should not have gone to a therapist that lives in my neighborhood. like he lives 500 feet that way. Maybe, maybe not even 500 feet.
Brandon Bruning: Maybe not.
Ricky Stebbins: And he told me to give up. Go meet sexy ladies. Go sleep around. Go hang out on a beach with my buddy in Europe.
Brandon Bruning: You said
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. And I talk to him about solving all these problems that we are dealing with
Brandon Bruning: that.
Ricky Stebbins: right now. And a therapist doesn't want to help.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, D doesn't want to help either, huh?
Ricky Stebbins: It's absolutely maddening.
Brandon Bruning: Absolutely.
Ricky Stebbins: And I thought I was going to be able to talk to this therapist about all the things that were bothering me.
 
 
00:28:45
 
Brandon Bruning: All the
Ricky Stebbins: And then he'd make rude comments like, "Oh,
Brandon Bruning: things
Ricky Stebbins: do you just need a friend?" Like none of my friends want to talk about all these deep dark things, all these emotional topics that I want to talk about. And like you, who wants to talk to you, Brandon? Nobody. They just ignore you because you're smart and you ask the right questions.
Brandon Bruning: They think they think it's they think it's drinking. My kidney is failing because I'm drinking. They think it's from drinking.
Ricky Stebbins: What else are you doing? How do they know that? Do they pay any attention to anything else you're doing? It could could be alcohol, could be sugar,
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: right? Maybe you're just not drinking anything. You're just dehydrated. How can they assume you're doing one thing when they
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: have no idea what's causing the problem in the first place and they know you don't remember what you're
Brandon Bruning: right.
 
 
00:29:55
 
Ricky Stebbins: doing?
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: How many fluid ounces have you drank in the last two weeks?
Brandon Bruning: So they don't know what the f*** um a lot of
Ricky Stebbins: see that a medical professional would be absolutely
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: worthless in this situation because they don't have any data to work with. So, I wouldn't trust anything they say. It would just be an educated guess. Like, no, I want to do more work. We're not going to just assume that Brandon's an alcoholic. He's drinking too much. He's got to stop. Like, maybe it's just the the soda.
Brandon Bruning: Maybe it's just soda.
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe he just needs a we need to watch everything.
Brandon Bruning: Wait, wait.
Ricky Stebbins: Especially too if you're not with soda,
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: there's all kinds of studies that prove you never get sick of drinking it. So if you don't get sick of drinking it and then someone like you forgets that you drank it,
Brandon Bruning: like
Ricky Stebbins: but you feel thirsty,
 
 
00:30:53
 
Brandon Bruning: like
Ricky Stebbins: you're just in an endless cycle and you're not even noticing it. It's like me. I I love drinking coffee and I'll keep drinking it and drinking it and drinking it and I could not tell you how many cups of coffee I had.
Brandon Bruning: I want to I want to watch this video again. I want to I want to like we talk through it. I want to listen to it like memorize it. you know, all the all the videos we talk, I didn't I didn't get back to them. I need to stop watching them so I can memorize what we talk
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Brandon Bruning: about.
Ricky Stebbins: if there's anything you ever wanted to talk about and you forgot, that's what these videos are great for.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Taking notes and Gemini is transcribing this conversation for us right now. So, it's going to write a summary for us and then it could talk to you about this stuff.
Brandon Bruning: Gemini could talk to you about this
Ricky Stebbins: You could ask it, hey, did I ask Ricky anything that I forgot to get back to?
 
 
00:31:49
 
Brandon Bruning: as
Ricky Stebbins: And it'll look, it's not perfect, but it's better than nothing. And I'm trying to make it better.
Brandon Bruning: I'm trying to make it
Ricky Stebbins: I'm super hard on AI. I give it a ton of crap because I know it can do
Brandon Bruning: hard.
Ricky Stebbins: better. And this is going to be a ton of fun once your family gets involved too.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: On we're they're going to be forced to or they're going to have to just jump ship
Brandon Bruning: Damn it. Oh s***. This my kidneys are off. Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: and we're going to figure it out.
Brandon Bruning: f***.
Ricky Stebbins: I put all of my medical records online and there's Yes.
Brandon Bruning: You
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yes. And I have uh records that show that my kidney levels were off a couple times when I went to the doctor
Brandon Bruning: do?
Ricky Stebbins: and I think there they might still be off. My creatine levels I'm going to ask AI this
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
 
 
00:32:51
 
Ricky Stebbins: actually. Man be fun. See how well it works right here in the moment.
Brandon Bruning: Hey
Ricky Stebbins: I got to pay for Claude. Claude's a really good AI and I didn't want to pay for it right now. I want to wait.
Brandon Bruning: AI, are you listening to us? Is he listening to us right
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: now?
Ricky Stebbins: it's listening to us right now and it can't respond like a a huge speech, but it's getting to know us and understand how we think and our needs
Brandon Bruning: Oh, but they can't but they can't respond.
Ricky Stebbins: because we're talking about them.
Brandon Bruning: AI can't respond to us.
Ricky Stebbins: Only if we ask questions.
Brandon Bruning: Only if we ask a question.
Ricky Stebbins: And it's getting better.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, Gemini. That's what I have. Gemini. I hope he can be on our side. AI, f*** that system. Whatever the AI is
Ricky Stebbins: We need it on our side.
Brandon Bruning: with
Ricky Stebbins: We need to teach AI to care.
 
 
00:34:03
 
Ricky Stebbins: We don't I know it's never going to physically care, but if you understand what caring means and you get something out of it, like I don't it's a transaction. I help you. You spread some love and that eventually gets back to me. or I mean at least I I can see the love you're spreading. So that's, you know, that's
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: something
Brandon Bruning: Wow. Then they call this hand. I'm going to call
Ricky Stebbins: Okay.
Brandon Bruning: the doctor's concerned, huh? They're worried.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: Getting worried.
Ricky Stebbins: Are they? They didn't tell
Brandon Bruning: Who are they? They didn't tell you. No,
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Brandon Bruning: they should call me, you know, say, "Hey, got a problem?" But they don't call me, so they I don't think they have my phone number, so they wouldn't call me.
Ricky Stebbins: Why do they not have your phone number? And and that's fine that they didn't call you if you have an advocate that's speaking for
 
 
00:35:31
 
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: you. But if they called her, told her there's a problem, and then she didn't do anything but tell you you have a problem and
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: then leave.
Brandon Bruning: She told She told me Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So what are they going to do about it?
Brandon Bruning: What are they going to do about it?
Ricky Stebbins: Is there a plan?
Brandon Bruning: What's the medical records? Where is it? Where's the numbers? Uh,
Ricky Stebbins: But what did she tell you?
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: Did she just tell you to stop drinking? You got to stop drinking. Your kidney levels are off. And then she left. What did she Do you remember what she said?
Brandon Bruning: She said no,
Ricky Stebbins: You can take a minute to think about
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Brandon Bruning: No, all I heard you say is stop drinking. That's all I heard. I didn't hear what you said after that.
 
 
00:36:21
 
Brandon Bruning: I just don't remember what you said after that. See,
Ricky Stebbins: And that's not your fault and that's okay.
Brandon Bruning: I'm forgettable big time. I'm talking to
Ricky Stebbins: But if somebody has something important to tell you,
Brandon Bruning: somebody.
Ricky Stebbins: and this is a problem, and we're going to talk to this to other people. I should put this on Facebook later. I'm going to post this video, I think, online, too, cuz you haven't said anything bad. I don't think I've said anything. It would be super insulting to anybody. And yeah, people feel like I'm trying to make them look stupid, then good. Do your jobs. You guys are getting paid all kinds of huge money to turn your backs on people.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: No, not in my not while I'm standing around watching. I got a big mouth. I'm going to talk about it. Like, why aren't churches talking about this?
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Not to be rude, but you know, why can't we hang out at a church?
 
 
00:37:08
 
Ricky Stebbins: And I thought that that's what life was supposed to be about, like spreading love.
Brandon Bruning: What? Church?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: You want to go to
Ricky Stebbins: we're supposed to be spreading love. I I don't want to go to church,
Brandon Bruning: church?
Ricky Stebbins: but couldn't we hang out with like church groups that are doing things for other people? Isn't that what church was supposed to be about?
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Like wasn't that religion?
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like community.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, something like that.
Ricky Stebbins: I can't work 40 hours a week. Like even this chair hurts my rear end sitting here. So I can't sit here for no eight hours or four hours.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: It just my body can't sit here and do nothing. And then I can't work out like crazy. So I need a balance. I need to be able to do stuff, stop, do stuff, stop. But I can keep doing stuff as long as I find a balance.
 
 
00:37:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to stop. Like I'm helping you right now and you're helping me more than you ever you can't even imagine.
Brandon Bruning: Help you right now. You're helping me.
Ricky Stebbins: You're helping me like so much. But yeah, like my kidney levels are have been off.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: My creatine levels high.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. I think it's I think my entire I don't know what the numbers is. They didn't they didn't show me
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. So, yeah. See, the AI said I'm correct to point out,
Brandon Bruning: it.
Ricky Stebbins: and this is why I want to talk to a medical professional. I'm not giving you medical advice, but I'm telling you, and I'm going to tell you this,
Brandon Bruning: telling you the right
Ricky Stebbins: you have the right to ask questions. And this AI is telling me that yes, sugar can absolutely skew these numbers.
Brandon Bruning: question.
Ricky Stebbins: So if you were drinking and you were dehydrated, your kidney levels could have looked alarming and they're
 
 
00:38:54
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: not.
Brandon Bruning: so
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: sugar.
Ricky Stebbins: So that could have been the alcohol or the sugar. You could have had both.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So without and and I didn't even show AI the numbers. So they're like, "Yes, there could be a problem with what you were doing in the moment and it could be a long-term problem, but if this is a long-term problem, why aren't they addressing it?
Brandon Bruning: Oh, I've been like this for a while. Been like six uh what was it? My kidney went off probably five years ago and then it got better and then it goes off. It gets better again. Then it goes off. I can't
Ricky Stebbins: But that will happen every couple days.
Brandon Bruning: use
Ricky Stebbins: If you stop drinking or you have like a lot of sugar and then stop drinking, allow yourself to get dehydrated, you'll keep doing that to yourself over and over and over again. And that's bad for your kidneys. But how much damage is that causing?
 
 
00:39:55
 
Ricky Stebbins: Is it causing permanent damage when you do that?
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't know. And somebody should be watching you because that's not healthy to be living in some wild
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: cycle where you're drinking a lot and then not drinking drinking a
Brandon Bruning: Right. Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: lot.
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Especially if you're not following up with,
Brandon Bruning: You're
Ricky Stebbins: you know, any electrolytes,
Brandon Bruning: not
Ricky Stebbins: replacing all the vitamins and minerals that you're losing because your body, even though your kidneys are overloaded, they still need vitamins and minerals to function.
Brandon Bruning: even
Ricky Stebbins: So, you still need fluid intake. You still need like a proper diet. And I don't think you're you don't have a proper diet, you know.
Brandon Bruning: food has sugar in them. My bad. Sugar.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. So much food has sugar in it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh my gosh.
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I asked if anybody keeps track of
Brandon Bruning: How about How about rice don't have sugar in it,
 
 
00:40:50
 
Ricky Stebbins: your It shouldn't.
Brandon Bruning: right? Rice.
Ricky Stebbins: Plain white rice should not have sugar in it, but I don't know if it has any sugar proteins.
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, it's not I don't think so, but I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: I wouldn't quote anybody on that.
Brandon Bruning: That's f****** weird.
Ricky Stebbins: I would ask a nutritionist now that you're putting me on the spot with rice because I don't know exactly how rice works. I know it's a starch, but but just starch starch is sugar.
Brandon Bruning: sugar.
Ricky Stebbins: We could ask AI Freddy. I feel like a buttthead because like I should know this.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, it's probably too much Pepsi. I drink a lot of Pepsi at work. A lot of Pepsi. When I get tired, I drink Pepsi and I get, you know, I get that caffeine in me, you know. s***. I don't know. I don't know if Pepsi can mess up your kidneys. That's weird. I didn't know that.
 
 
00:41:51
 
Brandon Bruning: I don't know if Pepsi can ruin your kidneys.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh.
Brandon Bruning: Oh my
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: gosh.
Ricky Stebbins: I think any like Gatorade, lots of Gatorade, lots of anything will ruin your kidneys. I think too much fluid,
Brandon Bruning: Wow.
Ricky Stebbins: even too much water,
Brandon Bruning: I didn't know that.
Ricky Stebbins: like you'll lose so much vitamins and minerals that your body stops functioning
Brandon Bruning: People
Ricky Stebbins: correctly. I can't remember the term.
Brandon Bruning: say Pepsi is a lot worse than alcohol. Alcohol is worse.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. I mean, I like Oh, man.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I got through that
Ricky Stebbins: A cherry vanilla Pepsi. I would love a cherry vanilla Pepsi.
Brandon Bruning: one.
Ricky Stebbins: That just tastes delicious. I haven't had that in years.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I think it's I don't think I think it's not the alcohol. I think it's the Pepsi I've been drinking a lot. That's what I believe. That's my opinion. I don't think it's the alcohol.
 
 
00:42:43
 
Brandon Bruning: I think it's the sugar I drink or Pepsi. Soda. Drink a lot of
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So,
Brandon Bruning: soda.
Ricky Stebbins: plain white rice contains zero actual sugar, less than a gram per cup. However, because it is highly refined carbohydrate, the digestive system breaks down that starch directly into glucose blood sugar very quickly. So, while you aren't eating raw sugar, your body still experiences a rapid blood sugar spike shortly after eating it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: Swapping to brown rice or mixing white rice with vegetables help slow that breakdown
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: process. And then it I I brought up your Pepsi to Gemini and I said this is the real heavy hitter and
Brandon Bruning: Whatever.
Ricky Stebbins: likely a major culprit behind the dehydration.
Brandon Bruning: How
Ricky Stebbins: And a single 12 ounce can of regular Pepsi packs about 41 gram of added
Brandon Bruning: about
Ricky Stebbins: sugar.
Brandon Bruning: barbecue sauce? They got sugar in them.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. Yes. Everything you're saying is delicious and loaded with sugar.
 
 
00:43:59
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, because probably not good for my kidneys either.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, so here too.
Brandon Bruning: I don't
Ricky Stebbins: This is the problem. This is nobody talks to you about this.
Brandon Bruning: know.
Ricky Stebbins: So with only one kidney doing the work of two, flooding the system with thick sugary syrup while running low on actual water forces that single organ to work on extreme overdrive. So you need to drink more water when you're having this crappy food.
Brandon Bruning: You need to drink more water.
Ricky Stebbins: Like if you're drinking water while you're eating food, and I've heard people say this before, like you're supposed to like you chew and drink water. It's like a combination so your body has something to work with.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Because if you're just eating food, your body has to swap out its own fluids to try to digest it and work it through your
Brandon Bruning: Eating.
Ricky Stebbins: system.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: So if I eat some food
Ricky Stebbins: because it's even flavored water or seltzer. But you should have a Pepsi, have a water if you're,
 
 
00:44:52
 
Brandon Bruning: You have
Ricky Stebbins: you know, if you're that bad, if you need it because it is an it's an addiction and people are I people are so full of
Brandon Bruning: water,
Ricky Stebbins: trash. When I love energy drinks, I love sugar. So, I know exactly what you're going through. If I walk by this stuff enough times, I'm just going to eat it. It's gone.
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't just go to the store and I see the stuff and just walk by it. I buy it because it's an impulse thing. It's an addiction. I crave sugar and I love it and I don't care.
Brandon Bruning: Pepsi is
Ricky Stebbins: But we should watch how much Pepsi you're drinking. And if we had AI's help, AI could, you know, tease you like, "Oh, Brandon, you no you shouldn't be having that.
Brandon Bruning: Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: They could say it nicely just like I'm saying like, "Hey, Brandon, why don't you have some water first? Come on, buddy. You know, I want you to stay healthy.
 
 
00:45:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: I care about you. Like, you matter."
Brandon Bruning: How about fried chicken? Ask AI to get five chicken hurt your kidneys.
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
Brandon Bruning: This is awesome. This is awesome. We talk with AI,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yeah.
Brandon Bruning: too.
Ricky Stebbins: I love talking with AI.
Brandon Bruning: fried chicken or anything that's fried like French fries or fried chicken. Oh, what's they use? Um, what's the hell it's called? Canoil oil. I for I don't know how you say it. It's a oil, but cano oil. Let's say it.
Ricky Stebbins: So they use canola oil at
Brandon Bruning: That's what they use. Yeah. Yeah, that's what they use.
Ricky Stebbins: work.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, that's probably the bad bad oil. Just
Ricky Stebbins: All
Brandon Bruning: wondering
Ricky Stebbins: right. Going to find out.
Brandon Bruning: what it says.
Ricky Stebbins: I think fried chicken's bad for like your gut and your liver, but I don't know about your kidneys. But I'm sure all that grease.
 
 
00:47:18
 
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yep. Fried chicken can be harmful to Brandon's kidney primarily due to high levels of sodium and
Brandon Bruning: Check the candy.
Ricky Stebbins: phosphorus rather than the canola oil itself.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***. Fire chicken can do the kick damage.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: So don't uh hell no. Wonder why my kidney is going off.
Ricky Stebbins: High sodium too. Like if you have too much sodium,
Brandon Bruning: I
Ricky Stebbins: excess salt, protein strain. I didn't even think about that.
Brandon Bruning: I
Ricky Stebbins: So too much protein is bad for you, too.
Brandon Bruning: didn't know that.
Ricky Stebbins: You know, I didn't even think about that. And this is why we need to talk to AI because I am not the smartest guy around and I
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: forget things and I totally forget like the fact like I had rabdom malis and that overloaded my kidneys.
Brandon Bruning: So it's So it's fried chicken. I mean, I eat fried chicken.
Ricky Stebbins: But it's not the fact it's not just the fact that it's fried.
 
 
00:48:27
 
Brandon Bruning: The fact that it's
Ricky Stebbins: The fact that you're eating tons of protein, too much protein is bad for you because you have one kidney.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you need to be drinking more fluids to make sure your system is functioning at a a higher efficiency than someone like me.
Brandon Bruning: Don't.
Ricky Stebbins: And nobody's helping you at all.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, wow.
Ricky Stebbins: And then these oils are bad when they're you know deep frying can make oil become you know inflammatory.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. But the doctors should know this.
Ricky Stebbins: This oil is
Brandon Bruning: They should they don't even know about that,
Ricky Stebbins: better.
Brandon Bruning: right? The doctors the results. Can they find
Ricky Stebbins: They know the results. But it's like if if I came back and my face was red,
Brandon Bruning: it?
Ricky Stebbins: what happened? Did somebody hit me? Did I walk into a wall? Yeah. You know it's red. Does it hurt? No, you don't know. The doctors have no idea why your kidney levels are off.
 
 
00:49:34
 
Ricky Stebbins: And we just read it could be alcohol, soda, too much protein, not enough water,
Brandon Bruning: Oh my, that's not funny, but I'm just laughing about it. Sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: and all these people.
Brandon Bruning: My
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, you can laugh because this is like what's wrong with other people?
Brandon Bruning: bad.
Ricky Stebbins: Why are they telling you all this stuff and they're not looking into the root cause?
Brandon Bruning: Wow. What else? What else is bad for the kidneys? Carbohydrates. Sodium. What
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, sodium is bad for your too much sodium,
Brandon Bruning: else?
Ricky Stebbins: but then you could get dehydrated from too much sodium.
Brandon Bruning: Sodium.
Ricky Stebbins: And
Brandon Bruning: Too much sodium. How about clam shower? I have clam shell at work. That's probably not that bad for you.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, too much of anything is bad for us.
Brandon Bruning: Too too much sodium.
Ricky Stebbins: Clam chowder sounds delicious right now, man. All this food. You're getting me hungry, man.
 
 
00:50:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't had anything to eat yet today. Holding out.
Brandon Bruning: making you hungry.
Ricky Stebbins: Always. You and Dallas always making me hungry because
Brandon Bruning: I know that dude's always eating
Ricky Stebbins: he's bored.
Brandon Bruning: food.
Ricky Stebbins: I feel bad for him. He paces while we talk. He just wanders his apartment bored out of his mind.
Brandon Bruning: He pays doesn't look like an
Ricky Stebbins: just paces like an animal in a cage. And he knows
Brandon Bruning: animal.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Brandon Bruning: Damn.
Ricky Stebbins: This is crazy.
Brandon Bruning: I hope I hope people listen. I hope people can see this video. people
Ricky Stebbins: People are going to see this video because I'm going to put it online.
Brandon Bruning: will.
Ricky Stebbins: It might take a couple hours for it to do its thing. But I think this is very important. And I'm going to share our transcript online.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm going to share it with AI.
Brandon Bruning: Protein. Don't eat too much protein.
 
 
00:51:46
 
Brandon Bruning: I I eat a lot of protein. I love protein. I love chicken. I eat a lot of
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, but you need to balance your diet with the right fluids as well.
Brandon Bruning: chicken.
Ricky Stebbins: And once you start eating better and you once you start eating healthier, you're not hungry all the time. Even if you're smoking weed, you're not going to be starving,
Brandon Bruning: starving
Ricky Stebbins: the sugar just you you digest sugar and starches so fast that your
Brandon Bruning: sugar.
Ricky Stebbins: metabolism is thrown out of whack. That's why you're chunky, too. Like if you just start eating protein, steak and eggs, but just not a lot. You're not going to be eating a ton of steak and eggs,
Brandon Bruning: I lost I lost I lost five
Ricky Stebbins: but your stomach will disappear.
Brandon Bruning: pounds when I went to the doctors. They said I was um who know I was like 20 Wait a minute. I think I was 206 one time now 202 190 I think 5 lbs I lost I lost about five I lost about 5 lb I think it's from
 
 
00:52:44
 
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: u my medicine I take uh all nipine like your stress or anxiety and it can make you lose weight something like that right can
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. How do you feel on the
Brandon Bruning: can How do you feel?
Ricky Stebbins: medication?
Brandon Bruning: You all right?
Ricky Stebbins: I never liked any of those medications,
Brandon Bruning: I never liked any of those medications.
Ricky Stebbins: but I had a different issue and they were just covering it up or weren't covering it up,
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: making it worse.
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: I hate medication. If I didn't need medication,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I wouldn't take it.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: But I get real sick when my thyroid's off. And I don't even act the same. So, it's not like I physically feel different.
Brandon Bruning: different.
Ricky Stebbins: I mentally feel different, which is strange. And I feel emotionless. I feel empty when I'm on medication. I don't process emotions correctly when I'm sick.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
 
 
00:53:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: When my thyroid levels are off.
Brandon Bruning: What is it?
Ricky Stebbins: My thyroid, that's that little butterfly organ in your neck.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, what the hell?
Ricky Stebbins: It regulates your hormones.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, I didn't
Ricky Stebbins: When it was off,
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I couldn't feel joy. I would have anxiety attacks all the time.
Brandon Bruning: what? From the medication.
Ricky Stebbins: No, from not having the medication. And when the doctors gave me medication, I became suicidal. It was insane. Oh, yeah.
Brandon Bruning: suicidal.
Ricky Stebbins: That's how I got I went to this mental hospital five times before I met Dallas. And when I met Dallas, I was totally
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: healthy.
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: And it was an experience.
Brandon Bruning: It was an
Ricky Stebbins: I'm glad I got to experience the mental health hospital while I was healthy.
Brandon Bruning: experience.
Ricky Stebbins: They don't help people there.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. No,
Ricky Stebbins: Just like when they sent you there,
Brandon Bruning: then I met you.
 
 
00:55:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: they didn't help
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Brandon Bruning: Really? f****** didn't shower in five days there like the same clothes. It smell bad. My clothes like smell so bad. I never washed my clothes. I was at the hospital. I never took a shower. I never shaved. My hand was like this.
Ricky Stebbins: That's inhumane.
Brandon Bruning: I'm like, "Oh, it was it was f******
Ricky Stebbins: And you're a nice guy. Even if you have a problem,
Brandon Bruning: crazy."
Ricky Stebbins: I know I can help you deal with it and talk through it and work through it. And we don't need to ignore you and make you feel like a filthy animal and prevent you from showering and shaving.
Brandon Bruning: Guilty animals.
Ricky Stebbins: People need their dignity when they're feeling sick and they don't understand what's going on
Brandon Bruning: They don't understand what's going on,
Ricky Stebbins: around them. Like Dallas,
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: the poor guy, they keep sticking him in the mental health hospital and then he keeps getting worse because he's sick of their
 
 
00:56:02
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: crap.
Brandon Bruning: yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So he just mouths off as just keeps mouththing off.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. That's how that's that's that's how he
Ricky Stebbins: I would too.
Brandon Bruning: is.
Ricky Stebbins: People are lucky that you're nice and calm and you're just caring and you question things just
Brandon Bruning: Who me? Oh yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: they're lucky. Lucky I don't have a knife. I'll stab him or something like I don't have that kind of
Ricky Stebbins: That'd be terrible. Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: mind.
Ricky Stebbins: And they want people to get mad. They want us to feel powerless and lash
Brandon Bruning: I did at work. I was just joking around at work like, "Hey, what's up?" like just joking around like don't do some other guy like don't do that please that's
Ricky Stebbins: out.
Brandon Bruning: not funny don't joke around with a knife you're not joking around with a knife like that it's not funny I'm like all right I won't do that again well they do it to me sometimes we just joke around we don't we're not going to really do that the f***
 
 
00:57:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's always that way. They can joke around with you, but you're not allowed to joke around with them.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, I see.
Ricky Stebbins: I I can smoke weed, but you're not allowed to.
Brandon Bruning: You can drag, but I'm not allowed
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Brandon Bruning: to.
Ricky Stebbins: I can use the stove and you can't. You got to use the
Brandon Bruning: You can I mean,
Ricky Stebbins: microwave.
Brandon Bruning: you can drink. It's up to you, you know. your life,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I could drink if I wanted to. I just don't feel like it.
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: I do feel like a margarita. If there was a margarita sitting here, I would totally drink it. I I wouldn't resist it.
Brandon Bruning: Margarita, you like that
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh.
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: A strawberry margarita would be delicious. I love the sugar.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, I had them before. It makes me a headache.
Ricky Stebbins: Really?
Brandon Bruning: They'll give me a headache.
 
 
00:58:08
 
Brandon Bruning: You know,
Ricky Stebbins: It depends on the alcohol.
Brandon Bruning: they'll give me a headache.
Ricky Stebbins: You got to use some good alcohol. What? Like patron? Like top
Brandon Bruning: I had white I had white claws.
Ricky Stebbins: shelf.
Brandon Bruning: Uh when I had white claw,
Ricky Stebbins: That's why you get a headache and you get dehydrated off the White
Brandon Bruning: I had Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Claw.
Brandon Bruning: I drank Sunday night. I drank Sunday night. Had like about four drinks of White Claws. Then I got a headache after that. Oh, it's gross. I didn't like it. It was no no water. I didn't drink any water.
Ricky Stebbins: Exactly.
Brandon Bruning: I got dehydrated and I can't even because drinking enough water.
Ricky Stebbins: That's too funny. And then you go and you give blood work and everybody's worried that you're got a problem, but you're out drinking and and you're sick. People are hilarious.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to have a serious talk.
 
 
00:59:07
 
Ricky Stebbins: When you're sick, your blood works off.
Brandon Bruning: That's funny. f***. That's from That's from That's from the bape. I bet that bape cough. No,
Ricky Stebbins: vape and from being sick. Got to uh take smaller
Brandon Bruning: it
Ricky Stebbins: hits.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: But I totally get it cuz I know exactly why you're doing it, why you're bored.
Brandon Bruning: Damn boy. Smoking
Ricky Stebbins: I smoke when I'm bored. I love it.
Brandon Bruning: boy.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm not going to stop. I mean, I haven't smoked while we're talking because I'm not bored, but you
Brandon Bruning: It look like it's I don't know if it's real weed or
Ricky Stebbins: know,
Brandon Bruning: like that. That's like That's like mad gold.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll join you.
Brandon Bruning: Fac
Ricky Stebbins: I only cough when I try to talk. If I don't try to talk or, you know, I usually take a big hit and I'm usually talking to you guys and I'll start hacking. But otherwise, I'm fine.
 
 
01:00:57
 
Brandon Bruning: A
Ricky Stebbins: So, when are you supposed to hang out with your family again?
Brandon Bruning: sh
Ricky Stebbins: What's the next holiday coming up?
Brandon Bruning: I got to blow my nose. Um, okay. I don't know. I don't know. They're busy. My bad. Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yum. Can you change my hair? Hey guys, the guy
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. I don't hear anything at all right now. It's quiet.
Brandon Bruning: I can't hear nothing.
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you now.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, I heard you a little bit.
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear you fine.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, there we go.
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Brandon Bruning: f******
Ricky Stebbins: That was easy. At least it's not hard. That's so cool. I'm almost jealous that you, you know, you get to walk around with the the herinades all the time. I have the earbuds,
Brandon Bruning: heat.
Ricky Stebbins: dude. Dude, that's so cool.
Brandon Bruning: jealous.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, it's not like it's like I I feel like you're like living in the future.
 
 
01:03:25
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like, you're already ready for AI to be your best friend instead of be talking in your ear, offering advice as soon as it's there. Hey, Brandon, Ricky's ready to go hiking.
Brandon Bruning: Cool.
Ricky Stebbins: You got your boots. You got your this and that. And then, all right, we don't we're gonna have Ricky's got to help you get it together.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's going to be awesome, dude. I love helping people, but if I don't know what people need help with, I can't help them. Hey guys,
Brandon Bruning: People are jealous of me.
Ricky Stebbins: gonna help you make checklist.
Brandon Bruning: Why you think people are jealous? They have her names or something.
Ricky Stebbins: That's cool, man. You can talk to us walking all the time.
Brandon Bruning: You can listen.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, we could always talk. We don't If I stick my phone in my pocket,
Brandon Bruning: I can I I talk I Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I can't hear you.
Brandon Bruning: I can talk through my hearing aids.
 
 
01:04:07
 
Brandon Bruning: I can hear it through my hearing aids right now.
Ricky Stebbins: That's so cool.
Brandon Bruning: I can listen to music in my herinades, too.
Ricky Stebbins: That is awesome.
Brandon Bruning: It's bone board. Yeah. Pretty
Ricky Stebbins: And I can hear the music sometimes when you're listening to it because it's so loud.
Brandon Bruning: cool.
Ricky Stebbins: But it comes through back through the mic. Yes,
Brandon Bruning: It does.
Ricky Stebbins: I've heard you watching the news and with your phone and videos on your phone and
Brandon Bruning: And you can Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: it's not bad.
Brandon Bruning: hear it.
Ricky Stebbins: I can just hear it. It's it's it I know like you're in another room watching TV.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, wow.
Ricky Stebbins: You're watching the news.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's I can hear it if I pay attention.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: But it's nice to know that you know you're not just doing nothing. You're not sitting there staring at the wall. Especially when you're quiet. It's like, "Oh, you're quiet for 10 minutes, but you're watching a video, so that's
 
 
01:04:45
 
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: great.
Brandon Bruning: Somebody that I'm not getting high off of it. f***.
Ricky Stebbins: This is going to be so cool. This is freaking awesome because Gemini is talking about it's like, "Yeah, it could read our entire transcript right now." And I have your blogger page open so it could read
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: everything we talked about in the past.
Brandon Bruning: I got Alien
Ricky Stebbins: I got boogers.
Brandon Bruning: memes.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, nice.
Brandon Bruning: Alien
Ricky Stebbins: I got a $5 coupon for the next time I go to the dispensary or I get
Brandon Bruning: man.
Ricky Stebbins: $5 edibles. Yeah, but they're like, "Oh, they're five milligram or something like that." Like I usually take like 500 all at
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: once. Like I got to cut back.
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: It's like with people that say,
Brandon Bruning: Now this looks
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh man, I can drink 50 beers." I don't ever want to do that.
Brandon Bruning: real.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I wish I could just drink one beer and feel awesome all night.
 
 
01:06:16
 
Ricky Stebbins: Smoke a little bit of weed, feel awesome all night. Not have to keep smoking and smoking to maintain being drunk or
Brandon Bruning: Yo, why is two different colors? Yo,
Ricky Stebbins: high.
Brandon Bruning: that's weird. Is that getting like a rub or something? That That looks green and that looks See the difference?
Ricky Stebbins: Are they the same flavor?
Brandon Bruning: No, they're different
Ricky Stebbins: Of course.
Brandon Bruning: cartridges.
Ricky Stebbins: Then they're going to be different color. They have different flavors. I thought you meant they're the same the same flavor.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, "Oh, the same flavor." Like,
Brandon Bruning: no.
Ricky Stebbins: that's weird. They're totally different. But if they're different because I get different strains. I like got Jack Harar,
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: but they have all kinds of different funny names and they're all different colors for the different I don't know, chemical flavoring they add. I don't even care about the flavoring. They shouldn't add flavoring. I just wanted smoke.
 
 
01:07:09
 
Ricky Stebbins: But whatever. What are you gonna
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: do?
Brandon Bruning: What the f***? Damn.
Ricky Stebbins: You haven't had any water, too? I'm sure your throat's dry, all the smoking.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Do you feel like you smoke more from anxiety or boredom? Why do Why do you think you smoke? Cuz I notice I smoke cuz I'm bored or I usually smoke when I'm bored or stressed.
Brandon Bruning: I smoke I kind of smoke weed just to calm my body down. I like I like to be calm. I like I like being high and calm like not like
Ricky Stebbins: So when you're not high, you have a lot of
Brandon Bruning: too not like too high.
Ricky Stebbins: energy.
Brandon Bruning: I don't like getting I don't want to be too too high. I like I like it just to be high just to calm like not too too too high
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. But when you're not high,
Brandon Bruning: but when I'm
Ricky Stebbins: how do you feel when you're not high?
 
 
01:08:31
 
Brandon Bruning: high.
Ricky Stebbins: If you haven't smoked in a a day,
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. I I feel like um if I'm h if I'm not high I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Do you feel restless?
Brandon Bruning: I just
Ricky Stebbins: Do you feel like you can't sit still or do you get really bored and you notice
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: it?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Something. Yeah. I get when I get really bored, I'll smoke weed.
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: I like the high feeling.
Ricky Stebbins: what do you think about when you're not smoking weed?
Brandon Bruning: I
Ricky Stebbins: Do you do you think differently? I I feel like I I have a lot more energy and I want to do more and I'm more
Brandon Bruning: mean,
Ricky Stebbins: annoying. I'm more in people's faces when I don't smoke. When I smoke,
Brandon Bruning: only
Ricky Stebbins: it brings my energy level way down. So, I don't feel like Well, I do still like running, but I don't feel like I want to run as much.
 
 
01:09:29
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh, you have a lot of energy when you don't
Ricky Stebbins: I have a lot of I have a ton of energy,
Brandon Bruning: smoke.
Ricky Stebbins: but because of my physical issues, I can't go jogging three miles to get rid of it like I used to.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, it's uh me I'll get I'll get tired or something if I don't smoke weed. I'll be like tired f****** like it's weird. I get out of energy sometimes. But I smoke weed. I'm just calm. I'm just calm and I have like energy and it's weird. I don't I don't get it.
Ricky Stebbins: Well,
Brandon Bruning: No, I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: I get it.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm just curious. It just sounds like you you're just uncomfortable sitting there alone unless you smoke weed because you become more aware of your surroundings. Smoking weed dulls our senses.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: So, we're not as aware of everything that's going on.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, really?
Ricky Stebbins: That's why ptheads are all happy because they're not thinking about all the problems that they were just thinking
 
 
01:10:27
 
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: about.
Brandon Bruning: Damn.
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody wants to talk about their problems.
Brandon Bruning: Sometimes when I like sometime when
Ricky Stebbins: That's why we have these problems because people ignore them.
Brandon Bruning: I'm when I'm when I I just smoke that and then I just feel calm
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I know exactly what you mean.
Brandon Bruning: like it just calmed it down.
Ricky Stebbins: The peace just falls right over you.
Brandon Bruning: It's like it's like it's a matter of people think it's people say it's addiction.
Ricky Stebbins: You instantly relax.
Brandon Bruning: It's a it's addictive. We is addictive. Is that true? You can stop. Oh, I can just stop and don't even smoke for two weeks and do that. You can do that,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I can stop.
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: I just choose not to. Like, why? What else am I going to do?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: What else do I have to do that nobody else wants me doing anything else?
Brandon Bruning: Someone tells me I don't want to say who what the hell I about to say.
 
 
01:11:35
 
Brandon Bruning: I'll just say um if you just work out, don't smoke weed, you know, just you know, if you if you want to quit weed, just go to the gym, lift weights for an hour, you'll feel better, and then you don't want to smoke weed again. Is that
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Brandon Bruning: true?
Ricky Stebbins: go to the gym for an hour by yourself. Be reminded of the fact that you're hanging out by yourself doing all this stuff by yourself and you're going to go home tired and not want to smoke some weed. No, I want to smoke some more weed because I just went to the gym by myself. Maybe I'll smoke some weed and then go to the gym because it's fun. I've done that.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: I love smoking weed and going to the gym.
Brandon Bruning: yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Go smoke some weed or ride a bicycle. It's exciting. It's so much fun. It's like going on a roller coaster if you're really high. I don't I be careful.
 
 
01:12:28
 
Brandon Bruning: that's funny.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want you to fall off. We got to make sure you got some good brakes. We need to get you a helmet. I don't want to give you any bad ideas to get you doing some uh
Brandon Bruning: Oh my god.
Ricky Stebbins: xame sports.
Brandon Bruning: Doing some stunts.
Ricky Stebbins: Do some Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Do Do some stunts.
Ricky Stebbins: Hit the ramp.
Brandon Bruning: The BMX stunts. I used to Oh my god. I try to do that s***. End up breaking my stomach. I didn't bring my styling,
Ricky Stebbins: It hurts when you
Brandon Bruning: but I just I was going Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: fall.
Brandon Bruning: I was going downhill. There was like a little ram. I jumped off of it. I went fly in the air and then the handle hit my stomach.
Ricky Stebbins: Ouch.
Brandon Bruning: I was on the ground and hit the stomach right on my stomach and I fell on the ground and all my friends were laughing at me.
 
 
01:13:18
 
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: That was bad.
Ricky Stebbins: but you weren't laughing.
Brandon Bruning: No, I was f***** up. I was I think I was crying maybe crying
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: maybe.
Ricky Stebbins: friends are supposed to laugh at you. Make you feel better. Oh,
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: h I fell down the front steps a couple years ago and that was hilarious. It hurt so bad and then I built the snowman right after. It was so embarrassing.
Brandon Bruning: tastes like me.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: My stomach gets hurting me like
Ricky Stebbins: It tastes That's funny that you said mint with the voice detect said
Brandon Bruning: this.
Ricky Stebbins: men.
Brandon Bruning: I'm going to go get I'm going to go get some water.
Ricky Stebbins: We should get you some juice. Something with some electrolytes in it.
Brandon Bruning: Oh jeez.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if I don't know if Gatorade's good or the best. Yeah, I was saying seltzer water. I don't know what the best water is for people or the best way
 
 
01:14:27
 
Brandon Bruning: So,
Ricky Stebbins: to hydrate your
Brandon Bruning: so pretty,
Ricky Stebbins: body.
Brandon Bruning: so pretty much um my kidneys are off because maybe it's from alcohol, it could be from Pepsi, it could be protein, it could be from sodium, you know, it could be all kind of s***.
Ricky Stebbins: It's probably because you were sick and you had just went out drinking the other day because you're doing all of this stuff all the time. So,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: your levels would be horrible if you were sick,
Brandon Bruning: True.
Ricky Stebbins: but we do need to watch your diet. We don't want to ignore all this stuff. This is not something to just,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: you know, take lightly, but we're not going to get mad about it, but we should address it.
Brandon Bruning: Right. I'm going to get mad about it, but it's not my fault. It's not my fault.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: My candies are off. f***.
Ricky Stebbins: it is your fault.
Brandon Bruning: It ain't my fault.
 
 
01:15:25
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's your body.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, it's my fault,
Ricky Stebbins: It's your body.
Brandon Bruning: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Your right. You need to tell your kidneys, "Start working better." And you're not.
Brandon Bruning: So, it is my fault, huh? Yeah. Okay. f*** you.
Ricky Stebbins: Tell it work harder, kidney. Work harder. It would be nice if life worked like that, but no. None of this is your fault. It is not your fault.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: You know it's not your fault.
Brandon Bruning: my stomach.
Ricky Stebbins: I know it's not your fault.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: The people that talk to you know this is not your
Brandon Bruning: my I got an empty empty stomach.
Ricky Stebbins: fault.
Brandon Bruning: I can feel the water going through my stomach right now. It's weird.
Ricky Stebbins: Probably because it's cold, too.
Brandon Bruning: You have that.
Ricky Stebbins: That's an awesome feeling, isn't it? Neat.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Way now. I need I didn't eat today.
 
 
01:16:24
 
Brandon Bruning: So much way
Ricky Stebbins: I didn't need anything today, but I'm going to wait.
Brandon Bruning: 190.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know if I just want to go to the store tomorrow.
Brandon Bruning: No way. I'm I'mund I'm
Ricky Stebbins: Hold out.
Brandon Bruning: 190bs.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you are 206 and now you're 190.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I just weigh myself now.
Ricky Stebbins: That's good. Hopefully,
Brandon Bruning: Oh, wait. I
Ricky Stebbins: you're losing fat and not muscle.
Brandon Bruning: think.
Ricky Stebbins: You You stopped going to boxing. Are you going to start going to the gym at all with Dallas or We should see if you guys can get a a group membership or
Brandon Bruning: It's a
Ricky Stebbins: something.
Brandon Bruning: little
Ricky Stebbins: And we need to figure out something for you guys to have a normal life. Why are you going to a day program and
Brandon Bruning: 19. I'm 192b.
Ricky Stebbins: working?
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***, that's not bad.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: I mean, I should weigh 150, but
Ricky Stebbins: You should weigh
 
 
01:17:37
 
Brandon Bruning: yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: 150.
Brandon Bruning: I used to be I used to be 150 lbs when I was 10 years ago. 12 years ago, I was 150.
Ricky Stebbins: And then you moved into this house and then got fat when people stopped paying attention to you.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah. Right. Is that weird?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: You know, I was at I was at my I live in my family's house.
Ricky Stebbins: Isn't that weird?
Brandon Bruning: I was 150 lbs. And then when I moved to another place, now I got fat cuz I'm not eating right. That's weird. That's kind of That's kind of weird.
Ricky Stebbins: So, when's the last time someone took you shopping at the store?
Brandon Bruning: I go check my um my laundry and s***.
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing wrong with that.
Brandon Bruning: Got my laundry.
Ricky Stebbins: See, AI should have reminded you to go check your laundry.
Brandon Bruning: You can
Ricky Stebbins: Now,
Brandon Bruning: say
Ricky Stebbins: AI should have reminded you to check your laundry. We should be able to tell AI stuff like this.
 
 
01:19:05
 
Ricky Stebbins: Hey, can you let me know to check this in 45 minutes? We should. It's listening to us right now. There's no reason we can't talk to it about our personal stuff.
Brandon Bruning: belly.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, who cares? It's so dumb. I think it's so stupid that I can't ask it. Hey, set a reminder for me and let's have a conversation. No, I can't do that. You have to ask 15 different AI.
Brandon Bruning: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't mind having five different AI on my phone. Cross reference things. They have different opinions. So it's never some onesided narrow
Brandon Bruning: Wow,
Ricky Stebbins: view without
Brandon Bruning: the thing is soaked.
Ricky Stebbins: details.
Brandon Bruning: What's wrong with this f****** thing? Why is
Ricky Stebbins: It didn't drain again.
Brandon Bruning: soaked?
Ricky Stebbins: You got to run the spin cycle again if you can.
Brandon Bruning: Hold on. See what I supposed to
Ricky Stebbins: I don't
Brandon Bruning: do?
Ricky Stebbins: know because it's not my dryer or washer.
 
 
01:20:19
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like you got to put the spin cycle.
Brandon Bruning: See? See? It It is soaked.
Ricky Stebbins: It looks like it's soaked.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: If you squeeze it,
Brandon Bruning: So,
Ricky Stebbins: water drips out of it, right?
Brandon Bruning: let's see.
Ricky Stebbins: Didn't this happen last week?
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: So, it's not that wet.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: So, is it just the
Brandon Bruning: it's wet.
Ricky Stebbins: material?
Brandon Bruning: It's It's wet, but it's not dripping or anything.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, maybe it's just a a heavy item.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Brandon Bruning: I don't know why I go to I don't know why I go to self clean. So
Ricky Stebbins: we don't want to wash it again because it's just going to get it wet. You'd want a spin cycle.
Brandon Bruning: clean.
Ricky Stebbins: If you think it's too wet, you want it to to dry. Uh, not dry. The spin cycle is what spins the water out of it and drains. But I don't know.
 
 
01:21:14
 
Brandon Bruning: Which one?
Ricky Stebbins: I can't see it because it's too far away. My eyes are That's terrible that this AI won't let me like blow this screen up. Yeah, I don't know. I'm looking delicates.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: See all these new and there's so many shadows. This is terrible.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: And AI should be able to help me.
Brandon Bruning: Win
Ricky Stebbins: Self clean. Yeah, rinse.
Brandon Bruning: spin.
Ricky Stebbins: But we only want spin. We don't want it to rinse because
Brandon Bruning: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: if it rinses,
Brandon Bruning: I don't know why it's all f******
Ricky Stebbins: it's going to get wet again. And if it's not draining
Brandon Bruning: smart. Super speed.
Ricky Stebbins: right,
Brandon Bruning: Smart control deep build in pre-oaked pre
Ricky Stebbins: this is why dryers suck and washers suck. We should just wash things by hand and dry it
Brandon Bruning: pre-oaked.
Ricky Stebbins: outside.
Brandon Bruning: No, I don't do that. I don't know.
 
 
01:22:24
 
Brandon Bruning: It went to heavy duty, then it went to self clean. I don't know why I did that.
Ricky Stebbins: And then you can't even ask the people that live in the house because you know someone's going to get loud
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: with you if there's a problem.
Brandon Bruning: That's why I don't want
Ricky Stebbins: People make us feel so uncomfortable that we don't want to ask for help.
Brandon Bruning: to
Ricky Stebbins: Isn't that terrible? Yeah, it's so so strange.
Brandon Bruning: hell.
Ricky Stebbins: And these new washers,
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: they're terrible to
Brandon Bruning: it's Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: diagnose.
Brandon Bruning: it's dripping up. Why is it dripping like
Ricky Stebbins: Your clothes is dripping at the
Brandon Bruning: that?
Ricky Stebbins: bottom.
Brandon Bruning: Should I put in the dryer? Would it work?
Ricky Stebbins: I man I don't want to give you bad advice. I don't want you doing something that gonna break something else. Man, you should send Erica text and tell her that there's a problem. Like I there's water still at the bottom of the washing
 
 
01:23:40
 
Brandon Bruning: No, it's drip.
Ricky Stebbins: machine.
Brandon Bruning: No, the water is dripping up.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Off your clothes.
Brandon Bruning: It's dripping. No, not off my clothes. Above the clothes, it's dripping.
Ricky Stebbins: above the clothes. Oh,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: that you mean it's just like uh probably from the machine spinning.
Brandon Bruning: just the water just dripping.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not actively dripping, is it?
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: There's not the the washing machine's not leaking, is it?
Brandon Bruning: no. It's not not not leaking
Ricky Stebbins: Cuz if there was a hole a hole in one of the hoses,
Brandon Bruning: that.
Ricky Stebbins: I it would keep filling. It wouldn't just
Brandon Bruning: Oh no.
Ricky Stebbins: stop,
Brandon Bruning: So rinse and spin again.
Ricky Stebbins: I guess. Give it a try. I wish I could give you better advice.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, just do
Ricky Stebbins: This is why we got to get people like those meta glasses. Have you had
Brandon Bruning: 30 minute 30 minutes.
 
 
01:24:47
 
Ricky Stebbins: a
Brandon Bruning: Uh, one time rims one time,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: I guess. 30 minutes, man. That's a lot.
Brandon Bruning: No spin. No spin.
Ricky Stebbins: Would you want it to spin?
Brandon Bruning: signals. It says low spin.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to spin. I don't understand any of this
Brandon Bruning: No spin.
Ricky Stebbins: stuff.
Brandon Bruning: No spin or spin
Ricky Stebbins: Spin only.
Brandon Bruning: only.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know how to do it. Do you this way here?
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Brandon Bruning: See
Ricky Stebbins: it I don't know how to get it to start.
Brandon Bruning: spin.
Ricky Stebbins: Like it doesn't it's not self-explanatory and I don't cuz once
Brandon Bruning: No spin.
Ricky Stebbins: you hit no spin as long as it's the right number I guess and the right lights you could just hit the start button if there is a start button.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. Whatever. Just I'll do high 30 minutes one time.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean,
 
 
01:26:12
 
Brandon Bruning: Try
Ricky Stebbins: it's not going to hurt to get it wet again.
Brandon Bruning: it.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, it's not going to hurt it. So, it'll it's still going to be clean. It's just going to be wet still. So, try it. Yeah, we'll come back in 30 minutes. And it sucks that we can't just have a conversation with AI while we're talking about,
Brandon Bruning: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: hey, set alarm for 30 minutes for us while we're doing this, please. Because our hands are busy. Like, nope. F you.
Brandon Bruning: It's going to return you
Ricky Stebbins: Did it start? It was so quiet I didn't hear
Brandon Bruning: off.
Ricky Stebbins: it. Uh, so what movie did you watch last night? Anything good?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, it's working. What the hell? What's going on with this? See, I supposed to do that?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what it's doing. Oh, it's unbalanced. Maybe that's why it's
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
 
 
01:27:33
 
Ricky Stebbins: it'll take a few minutes.
Brandon Bruning: it
Ricky Stebbins: It'll have to fill again and rattle everything around.
Brandon Bruning: didn't
Ricky Stebbins: And then I think the new washing machines have features to prevent it from rumbling. Old washing machines if they're unbalanced I think would vibrate across the floor in your house or basement.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. The the monitor is messed up. I can't even touch that. It's heavy duty and it just the f***.
Ricky Stebbins: You have to learn how to fix new age appliances.
Brandon Bruning: It's f******
Ricky Stebbins: When you're done working at Bracks and going to the day program at Grow,
Brandon Bruning: broken.
Ricky Stebbins: you got to take classes on appliance
Brandon Bruning: f******
Ricky Stebbins: repair.
Brandon Bruning: so. Hope it works. Last time I did that, it works. You didn't know.
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to find
Brandon Bruning: Hope it's not wet wet.
Ricky Stebbins: out. Isn't that annoying? And it's depressing that there's no one there to help you figure this stuff out.
 
 
01:28:48
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I love fixing stuff.
Brandon Bruning: The f*** was
Ricky Stebbins: I even had an old stove I loved and I had to get rid of it because the controls
Brandon Bruning: that?
Ricky Stebbins: at the very top that controlled the oven itself, not the the burners,
Brandon Bruning: It's a brand.
Ricky Stebbins: stopped working.
Brandon Bruning: Just a brand new washer.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: Just a brand new washer.
Ricky Stebbins: the new stuff is not not uh up to par. It's pretty uh pretty pathetic.
Brandon Bruning: It's probably broken.
Ricky Stebbins: It's cheap.
Brandon Bruning: I met It's probably
Ricky Stebbins: Everything today is cheap.
Brandon Bruning: broken.
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing nothing is quality. Even AI is f******
Brandon Bruning: Is it broken?
Ricky Stebbins: pathetic and stupid. I didn't want to swear, but you know what? I hate AI now.
Brandon Bruning: Is it Is it Is it Is it broken? The washing machine could be broken.
Ricky Stebbins: Uh maybe or maybe you hit a wrong button.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
 
 
01:29:39
 
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to find out. But AI 20 years ago used to be a partner. You could work as a team. Now it's like uh everything's a struggle. Everything's disconnected.
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Got my stupid calendar.
Brandon Bruning: we died a lot.
Ricky Stebbins: I should be able to pull my calendar up and tell Gemini the same way I tell Siri. Put this in my calendar. No.
Brandon Bruning: Kid, you can't put wet clothes on the
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Brandon Bruning: dryer.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't want to put wet clothes in a dryer. I mean, not soaking wet. The spin cycle in our washing machine gets things pretty I can't say dry. I don't know. Pretty drained.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Spun.
Brandon Bruning: I'm mad that my mand not working.
Ricky Stebbins: It's frustrating. I totally understand what it's like to have a problem and have no one there to help you and feel helpless.
Brandon Bruning: should tell her, but I didn't. She would have helped me if I told her.
 
 
01:31:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: And that's the problem is I hear people yell at you all the time or they raise their voices whether it's yelling or not. It's it sounds harsh to me. So that's just how I interpret it. And I understand why you didn't want to go tell her because I would love to go tell somebody, hey,
Brandon Bruning: Uh-huh.
Ricky Stebbins: there's a problem with this. And I remember feeling, oh man, I had an issue with my furnace and I was sick years ago and I wanted to tell my dad and it a pain in the butt. Like, dude, there's a problem and nobody listens.
Brandon Bruning: Oh my god. f***.
Ricky Stebbins: choking away, my friend. Taking too big a hit. And you got to take deep breaths. Clear your lungs out.
Brandon Bruning: the f***. I bet you can hear
Ricky Stebbins: Two or five.
Brandon Bruning: me. f****** I can't stop. Oh damn.
Ricky Stebbins: Too much.
Brandon Bruning: What happened when there too much weed?
Ricky Stebbins: Way too much.
 
 
01:33:23
 
Ricky Stebbins: Going to have to cut back. Got to cut back when you're
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: sick.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yeah. When you're
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, this is the worst.
Brandon Bruning: sick. That was gross. I'm going blow up.
Ricky Stebbins: That's rough. Yeah. I don't want to see you thrown up. Yick.
Brandon Bruning: Momentum spin.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny.
Brandon Bruning: There we are. Damn. Need to get up.
Ricky Stebbins: Too funny, dude.
Brandon Bruning: Smell some of this too.
Ricky Stebbins: Anybody
Brandon Bruning: Somebody's calling me.
Ricky Stebbins: good?
Brandon Bruning: my friend Eden.
Ricky Stebbins: You can talk to him if you want. Are you guys doing anything
Brandon Bruning: I don't
Ricky Stebbins: tonight?
Brandon Bruning: know.
Ricky Stebbins: We're still sick, but I mean
Brandon Bruning: Hold on. Hello
Ricky Stebbins: Hello. You're back.
Brandon Bruning: What happened? Did I Did I Did I Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: You hung up. You answered the phone.
Brandon Bruning: that's what I did.
 
 
01:36:51
 
Ricky Stebbins: How was Eden?
Brandon Bruning: Oh, he hang up and answer him.
Ricky Stebbins: Did he? Huh? That's all right.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You can call him back or he's working. Doesn't he have work today?
Brandon Bruning: Maybe
Ricky Stebbins: You can text him.
Brandon Bruning: yeah. f*** is going on with this phone, dude? Yeah. There we go. f***** up. I thought I thought you hanged
Ricky Stebbins: No, I'm still
Brandon Bruning: up.
Ricky Stebbins: here. That's what makes it nice. This is easy to use. It's fun.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Snipes. f***. Oh, snipes. I went to the snipe store and got some shoes I bought. Hello. Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: Can you hear me? Okay.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It looks like my video is frozen, but that's okay. As long as it's still working the text to that's all I
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: need.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: So nice of my computer to work nice and slow for me.
 
 
01:38:51
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. You see
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I can see you
Brandon Bruning: me?
Ricky Stebbins: fine. So, my Chrome is working nice
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: and slow. That's both of my Chromes are working nice and slow.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So, what else you got planned for today? May I get lunch now?
Brandon Bruning: What the hell? Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: got kicked out.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***, he got kicked out.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Did you see me leave?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: He's a joke. Yeah. See if I can get this to work.
Brandon Bruning: No. Hawaiia kicked you out.
Ricky Stebbins: It hates me.
Brandon Bruning: How you know? Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what the hell this thing's doing. I don't think it's
Brandon Bruning: Damn.
Ricky Stebbins: recording.
Brandon Bruning: Damn. Oops. Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: All
Brandon Bruning: Smiley faces.
Ricky Stebbins: right.
Brandon Bruning: Good job.
Ricky Stebbins: So, this should be working, right? Do you hear me twice?
 
 
01:42:12
 
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Do you hear me talking twice or does am I just talking once?
Brandon Bruning: Just
Ricky Stebbins: Okay,
Brandon Bruning: once.
Ricky Stebbins: I can hear myself. But it kicked me out. Oh,
Brandon Bruning: You're on the other.
Ricky Stebbins: I can murder my
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: audio.
Brandon Bruning: you're on the bottom of the screen. How come you're on the top? You used to be on top.
Ricky Stebbins: I have no idea.
Brandon Bruning: That's weird. You on the You used to be on the top. Now you're on the bottom. in my screen.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't understand.
Brandon Bruning: Is my screen on the Is my screen on the top?
Ricky Stebbins: You're on the left. You're on the left side all together.
Brandon Bruning: I'm on the left.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, you're on the bottom. That's
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: weird.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't understand how this works at all and why we can't just move it around.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh, I got to open up Gemini and all my freaking windows again.
 
 
01:43:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, these computers are so dumb. They make everything a huge pain in the neck. Huge pain in the neck for no reason.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: such a pain.
Brandon Bruning: Such a pain.
Ricky Stebbins: But it's awesome. I can work with Gemini in 10 windows and then it's annoying that I have to use
Brandon Bruning: Now I got to wait for my laundry with 30 minutes.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not too bad to wait.
Brandon Bruning: Air Force One. I need force bag in the meeting. Rap about what? If you don't like it, get the f*** off my video. If you don't like it, get the hell away from me. If you like it, comment my videos. If you don't, get the f*** out of my videos. Yeah, recorded that,
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I've never been good at ramping.
Brandon Bruning: Smoking in the street. Welcome to Brockton.
Ricky Stebbins: What the hell?
Brandon Bruning: Lot of lot of killers in Brockton. They had a gun.
 
 
01:44:56
 
Brandon Bruning: They'll shoot your ass if you do something snitching. Put the cult up this and listen backing up in the back. Go to your spot. We get shot up in the hot. Come to the block when you going to get shot. Be caught that b****. Oh my god. I know. I think I'm crazy. Am I crazy? If I
Ricky Stebbins: You're crazy.
Brandon Bruning: rap
Ricky Stebbins: You got to practice and you can be crazy awesome and then people will want to come to your concerts. Yes.
Brandon Bruning: really got that gun that go on the block smoking how you going to rap it prison man dominate the streets kiss in the streets I don't know when them streets and hit in the streets. People be jealous of me because I got killers out here. Got guns. If you don't want to f*** with me, they all to shoot you. f*** with me and they'll shoot you. P it kills you, baby.
 
 
01:46:05
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Crazy. Have a gun then I shoot you. Talking all ass s*** then they shoot you. Yeah, I like that type of rap stuff, you know. I don't know why, but I just like it, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Killer, killer, killer. They got a lot of killers with a gun and a knife in their pocket. You show me talking that s*** and they shoot you in the street. And the cops come around the corner and investigate the scene. My lip scene. Then the cops come around the corner and investigate the scene. My god. I could be a could be a rap news reporter with a rapper news reporter. Rap new
Ricky Stebbins: That would be cool. The rapid news reporter.
Brandon Bruning: reporter.
Ricky Stebbins: Actually,
Brandon Bruning: Guy in the guy in the blue van going to a house. 55 Main Street trying to shoot somebody in the street.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll be right back.
Brandon Bruning: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: I got to take a leak.
 
 
01:47:39
 
Brandon Bruning: the cops coming.
Ricky Stebbins: Give me one second. I'll be back.
Brandon Bruning: All right. Money on his own.
Ricky Stebbins: Alrighty. Did I miss anything? Are you at the mute button now? You got to There you go. You didn't want to talk to me. It's okay. If you're mad,
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: you hit the view button again. You're getting good at that.
Brandon Bruning: probably talking to myself, so I just mute the buttons. Oh, talking that s***, b****. AI can help me out how to rap.
Ricky Stebbins: two.
Brandon Bruning: Hey, AI, you can help me how to rap, right? You're listening to me now, you little b****.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: Ai, the little b**** can't even rap for me. Oh, he probably heard me, huh?
Ricky Stebbins: it did.
Brandon Bruning: Really? Like you joking. Talking to AI like I don't even know what I'm saying. saying saying. Welcome to the world. Welcome to the world.
 
 
01:50:16
 
Brandon Bruning: How to fly to the world.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, man. I'm not the I'm not an awesome rapper. Never. I love rhyming. I mean,
Brandon Bruning: Me
Ricky Stebbins: I love twisting the words of songs to make fun of other people or I sing songs about my dog.
Brandon Bruning: gangster gangster. against the
Ricky Stebbins: My puppy so snuggly. When she needs a hug,
Brandon Bruning: s***.
Ricky Stebbins: I give her tree. Like, I love singing, but I'm just not a a
Brandon Bruning: If you have a black s***
Ricky Stebbins: rapper.
Brandon Bruning: like killing the ripping on the beat in the streets me enemy in the streets how you rap your s***. I don't even know a word is just like it's all mixed up. It's all f***** up. Could be law mon how you say it. People get shot. People get popped. I don't even know how you say it. Say we got a lot of killers out on boxing. Huh?
 
 
01:51:30
 
Brandon Bruning: They got guns. They come to your city. People get shot. Go to your block. Go to your city and get shot. Shot. What the f***? Eminem. He's good. I'm going to do it
Ricky Stebbins: How
Brandon Bruning: tonight. Ah, the shoes. 115 bucks they spend on shoes. Air Force Ones. I got the Air Force One sneakers.
Ricky Stebbins: much were those?
Brandon Bruning: 115 bucks.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not bad. How do they fit?
Brandon Bruning: It's all right.
Ricky Stebbins: Just all right.
Brandon Bruning: It's kind of tight on my It's a little tight on my toes, but it's
Ricky Stebbins: Next time you got to have somebody go try them on with you so they're not a little tight on your
Brandon Bruning: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: toes.
Brandon Bruning: This 7 point 75 size like my feet is like 7.5 or eight I size eight or seven seven and a
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, you should probably get a eight next time to try them.
 
 
01:53:08
 
Ricky Stebbins: You don't want anything squishing your toes.
Brandon Bruning: half.
Ricky Stebbins: That's super uncomfortable and it's bad for your back, too.
Brandon Bruning: Is it
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. I don't know if you're going to make it,
Brandon Bruning: Damn.
Ricky Stebbins: dude. I think you're a goner. What do you think? Are you going to make it?
Brandon Bruning: Oh, nope. Uh,
Ricky Stebbins: You're going to be fine.
Brandon Bruning: I'm going to be fine.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Or you won't. I mean, right. It's one or the other.
Brandon Bruning: Right. Yeah. It's f****** 12:00. I didn't even eat I didn't eat anything today. Joe
Ricky Stebbins: No, I have not had anything to eat today.
Brandon Bruning: either. Not yet.
Ricky Stebbins: But I did have a coffee.
Brandon Bruning: Neither. Not yet. Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: It was I had a coffee.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, that's not bad. Garbing not that good for your kidneys.
Ricky Stebbins: No, it's not. But I still enjoy it.
 
 
01:55:19
 
Ricky Stebbins: Are you trying to tell me I should stop drinking coffee and that could be why my kidney levels have been off when I go to the
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: doctor's dehydrated?
Brandon Bruning: That's f***** up. That's what I probably did. I went there just dehydrated. I went to the doctors, didn't eat, didn't drink water. I just went there and they blood test and did a blood lab. And that's probably why they called said, "Oh, yes. Yo, your kidneys are a little off. So maybe you should stop drinking alcohol. Drink alcohol. Stop drinking alcohol.
Ricky Stebbins: Just stop drinking, right? Just don't drink anything ever again. Just
Brandon Bruning: Don't drink water.
Ricky Stebbins: stop.
Brandon Bruning: Don't drink almond juice. Don't drink cranberry juice. Hey, don't drink soda either. Don't drink Don't drink anything. Just, you know, drink air, you know, air. Just drink that. Breathe. That's funny.
Ricky Stebbins: You got to just be a bretharian.
 
 
01:56:41
 
Ricky Stebbins: Just eat eat air.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: We can send people videos that you can tell them this is what I want to do. Help me do it.
Brandon Bruning: M good
Ricky Stebbins: That would be so funny.
Brandon Bruning: here. Just drink water. Water is the only good for your kidneys.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: The kidney is a filter that uh what it does help you push stuff out of your system. That what it does.
Ricky Stebbins: There's all kinds of stuff that helps clean your system out. You But if we don't know what your diet is,
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: if we don't know what's going on in your life, we can't just recommend you do things. I mean,
Brandon Bruning: wait.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want you changing what you're doing too much. I mean, obviously, I don't want you drinking tons of soda anymore, but I know you're not going to quit.
Brandon Bruning: What? Soda. Probably drink it still.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: f*** it. We all die anyways.
 
 
01:58:34
 
Brandon Bruning: All
Ricky Stebbins: I'll have to pay for one of these stupid ancestry.com registries one of these days and do the the free family history like in a week, get all the information I need and then cancel it.
Brandon Bruning: right. my phone. Is it recording?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, it's recording right now.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: There's nothing really interesting in this one, but the first video I think I don't know if it ever even stopped recording.
Brandon Bruning: no.
Ricky Stebbins: It should have continued recording because you were still on the phone call when you got booted when I got booted for a minute. Computer hates me.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: My computer should be able to cycle through this and just work. I'm not doing anything super complicated.
Brandon Bruning: yeah, Gemini did it. He just booty you out. The robot got sick of you. I'm just kidding. Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: got sick of listening to me All
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: right.
Brandon Bruning: That's funny. Don't know what to say
 
 
02:00:42
 
Ricky Stebbins: You don't have to say anything.
Brandon Bruning: now.
Ricky Stebbins: You could think of something if you want to think of something. What do you want to do this summer? Do you have any plans? Anything that you're excited about?
Brandon Bruning: going a wedding my
Ricky Stebbins: Who's getting married?
Brandon Bruning: cousin
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. Where's the wedding?
Brandon Bruning: uh it's in it's in I think I don't know where I think it's in Cohassid or situ I don't know where it is but I know it's around there in Jul it's in
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: July Right. Yeah. Wear a suit and tie. You know, tag just wear a nice shirt or whatever.
Ricky Stebbins: Whatever. What do you mean? Whatever. Just whatever. It's not. You like dressing up and looking sharp.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing wrong with that.
Brandon Bruning: Nah, I want to I want to I want to go smoke my joint, but 12 Z to smoke a blunt right now.
 
 
02:02:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, why don't you It's beautiful out, isn't it?
Brandon Bruning: Is it Is it nice out? I haven't went out yet.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know how many degrees out.
Ricky Stebbins: I think it's not going to be nice today. I think it's uh heck
Brandon Bruning: I got I got one joint left.
Ricky Stebbins: One joint
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: left.
Brandon Bruning: people open it up.
Ricky Stebbins: This is such a piece of trash.
Brandon Bruning: I'm doing post move 35% TC. Oh s***, I'm going to get stone as hell. Do you find
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: smoke right
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Brandon Bruning: now?
Ricky Stebbins: it's gorgeous, Alco. I mean, I can't handle a cold. I'm a sissy. I can't I can't even pretend to handle a cold. Like I'll get cramps and pass out, which is
Brandon Bruning: Why it's cold? Why?
Ricky Stebbins: crazy.
Brandon Bruning: Why the cold out?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I think it's only supposed to go through the 40 today.
 
 
02:04:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: 45.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, that's that's kind of
Ricky Stebbins: You like it when it's cold, right?
Brandon Bruning: cool.
Ricky Stebbins: I can't handle that. I don't want to deal with that.
Brandon Bruning: Really? I'll smoke it later. Maybe when I get off or
Ricky Stebbins: So now you're going to save
Brandon Bruning: something.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Brandon Bruning: What? Go smoke it
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I didn't know I was asking you.
Brandon Bruning: now.
Ricky Stebbins: It's up to you. I don't You don't have to. Not forcing you to smoke it. You can smoke it later. I mean, you've already been smoking a lot.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't need to keep smoking. Save some for a rainy day.
Brandon Bruning: He's only like $5, I
Ricky Stebbins: That's a lot of money. $5.
Brandon Bruning: think.
Ricky Stebbins: Uh, I don't want to spend on $5 on one joint. I mean, if you're broke and well,
Brandon Bruning: Well, $5 one
Ricky Stebbins: yeah, if you're not if you're like stuck somewhere like uh we can't buy
 
 
02:05:29
 
Brandon Bruning: joint.
Ricky Stebbins: some weed and hang out at home, I guess, but that just sucks.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. No, wait. Is it 5? I think it's a dollar. A dollar pre-roll. That mean that's that's good. I think go there like 8 in the morning to 11 I think. Rise and shine. It's it's a deal.
Ricky Stebbins: That's
Brandon Bruning: You get you get a dollar pre-roll. You get like plenty of them. You get like 20 of them. 20 bucks for 20 of these. That's not bad, right?
Ricky Stebbins: not bad at all.
Brandon Bruning: One $1.
Ricky Stebbins: That's not bad for a dollar. This is all by machine.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, let's go to the machine. It packs it. The machine Can people can people see the
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: video?
Ricky Stebbins: they'll be able to see this video later.
Brandon Bruning: Not now, man.
Ricky Stebbins: Nope.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, it's f****** Oh, that was cold.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, my hands are chilly.
 
 
02:07:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: Chilly day out.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Let's see. What is it supposed to be in Springfield for a high? Sounds like you're getting blown away by the wind. It's funny.
Brandon Bruning: Would that would that feel like a wind?
Ricky Stebbins: Uh 47 out. So it's Yeah, that's not bad.
Brandon Bruning: 47.
Ricky Stebbins: I may I'll take my dog to the store later and it's not too windy. It's a little windy, but tomorrow is going to be
Brandon Bruning: I got my jacket.
Ricky Stebbins: 70. Uh oh. I want to practice.
Brandon Bruning: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I want to try practicing what we're doing. This is Google Me on my phone while I'm at a park with my dog or while I'm out fishing.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And once we can get other people involved, we're going to have so much context. We're going to be able to figure out everyone's problems and help them solve anything they want.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah, we can solve a killer, too. Someone getting killed and we can investigate the killer.
 
 
02:08:34
 
Brandon Bruning: I'm
Ricky Stebbins: If there's a killer,
Brandon Bruning: scared.
Ricky Stebbins: we're going to find him, right? Let's look for him.
Brandon Bruning: You would
Ricky Stebbins: What else are we doing?
Brandon Bruning: nothing.
Ricky Stebbins: So, we can go out and try to save the world.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, man.
Ricky Stebbins: Got nothing better to do.
Brandon Bruning: I got to go outside and smoke.
Ricky Stebbins: You'd rather go outside and smoke getting that jacket on.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: I was thinking about it.
Ricky Stebbins: It's It's a nice day to smoke. I don't blame you.
Brandon Bruning: I think I'm going to go outside.
Ricky Stebbins: Sweet.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know what I'm doing.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you were going to start dancing outside. You're supposed to put on some kind of show for me.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm
Brandon Bruning: What the Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: ready.
Brandon Bruning: Okay. Yeah. Sick
Ricky Stebbins: Why not?
Brandon Bruning: bastard. I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Maybe a ton of fun. That's too funny.
 
 
02:10:52
 
Brandon Bruning: That's funny.
Ricky Stebbins: I just found a way to copy all my ancestry names off ancestry.com so I could feed it into AI. So, I'm working on my family history stuff as well.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, I love all this. I don't understand why people don't love all this. I can't wait. So, uh,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: we could learn more about your family history.
Brandon Bruning: my family history. I don't really know about them that
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: much.
Ricky Stebbins: But you want to know more? Like there's stories about your mom.
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to help you figure all this out. Like, who cares? Nobody should have a problem sharing stories if it makes you happy. We used to share stories with family members.
Brandon Bruning: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Checking my mom is still going. You still going? Oh, it
Ricky Stebbins: You broke it.
Brandon Bruning: stopped.
Ricky Stebbins: Uhoh.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***. Did I break it?
 
 
02:12:42
 
Ricky Stebbins: Probably not.
Brandon Bruning: Whatever.
Ricky Stebbins: Is it dry or not drier?
Brandon Bruning: No, I'm still wet. My My jacket is soaked. Whatever. I'm going to put in the dryer anyways. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: I'll put some of them in there. I'm going to put all of them in there. I put some of them. There's no water in it or anything. There's no water in it at all. It just I don't know why my It's weird. It just No water in the um machine. It just the um the clothes just wet as hell. It makes no sense. It just very wet.
Ricky Stebbins: That is weird.
Brandon Bruning: But there's no water in there. It's leaking. Let's see. No, it's not leaking. That was something. Am I high? Jesus Christ. Am I f****** high? Am I
Ricky Stebbins: That's funny. Yes,
Brandon Bruning: high?
Ricky Stebbins: you were.
 
 
02:14:36
 
Brandon Bruning: The f*** is going? That's weird. At least it's not dripping, right? No water dripping. That's good, right?
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: If it's not I'm I'm squeezing it and
Ricky Stebbins: as long as it's not dripping.
Brandon Bruning: see if it's going drip. Nope. It's not dripping. See, nothing's ripping, so it should be good. f***** up. It's so f****** weird. Why everything's dry, but the f****** clothes are wet? That make no sense. Oh my god, I hate that. It's so much s*** in their f****** dryer. You have to take it out. You know the dust you take out. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: That disgusting. That will start a fire. If you leave that in there bowl,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: it can start a fire. This should go in my f****** pockets, too. Dust. It's f****** gross. Yeah. Nothing's wrong with it. When it when it's done, it go to self clean, but it should turn off like that.
 
 
02:16:52
 
Brandon Bruning: When it's done, it should turn off like that.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: But it doesn't.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know.
Brandon Bruning: The power should turn off when when the machine done it. It should turn the whole thing right off. And it did that before when I was using it. Was fine. Hope it doesn't ruin the machine though.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: What the f*** is in there? I don't know what that noise coming from.
Ricky Stebbins: I have no idea.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, maybe uh my jacket. I put the I put everything in there.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Did you put anything you shouldn't put in there?
Brandon Bruning: Like what?
Ricky Stebbins: No keys or anything banging around?
Brandon Bruning: Wow. I have my keys.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: He's very naked. See him?
Ricky Stebbins: Can
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yeah. I shouldn't do that. Someone's going to rob me, right?
Ricky Stebbins: I help us out?
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: You don't need no money.
 
 
02:18:40
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Okay. All
Ricky Stebbins: You don't need no money.
Brandon Bruning: right, I'm going to go slow.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: I'll leave my I'll put in my pocket. Thank you. All right. See these nice out this
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: outside.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice out there.
Brandon Bruning: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: You should have an area that you're allowed to hang out and do whatever you want.
Brandon Bruning: See,
Ricky Stebbins: If you turn your phone sideways,
Brandon Bruning: I don't have a back.
Ricky Stebbins: I can see the camera the wide angle.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: If you turn your phone sideways,
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: then it gives me the wide angle.
Brandon Bruning: Like this
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: way.
Ricky Stebbins: it's not even changing now. It just looks now it's being annoying. That's so funny. But yeah, that's awesome. Was that a two-story building behind you? Oh, that was bright as hell. You got some huge buildings all around
 
 
02:20:59
 
Brandon Bruning: Where?
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Brandon Bruning: That's a big house, huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Not
Ricky Stebbins: It's beautiful
Brandon Bruning: bad.
Ricky Stebbins: out. Oh, what am I
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: doing?
Brandon Bruning: it's nice. s***. I put it in my pocket and I'm light it up real quick.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Not bad. Nice. I like the jacket because I like to be warm, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't blame you. I don't want to be cold.
Brandon Bruning: I don't cough when I smoke a blunt. It's weird.
Ricky Stebbins: Why not?
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Why not? What's different?
Brandon Bruning: It's different at night smoking uh
Ricky Stebbins: What is different?
Brandon Bruning: joint and a bait smoke a bait cough smoke regular you don't really look 18. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Street.
Ricky Stebbins: So, where's the nearest store to you?
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Where's the nearest convenience store?
Brandon Bruning: That way. You go that way. Down that way.
 
 
02:23:50
 
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: People going to You going to see it?
Ricky Stebbins: I don't need to see it, but it's I believe you. I just like to know where things are.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Snitching. It is snitching. Snitching. Hello heat.
Ricky Stebbins: So nice and smooth.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Nice and smooth, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: Nice and smooth.
Ricky Stebbins: Think
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: you live in a quiet area. I thought there'd be more people.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. It's quiet around here. It's not that bad. Yeah. Oh my god. Damn. Got to stop drinking.
Ricky Stebbins: You got to start drinking water. Drinking some good stuff for you. Maybe you got to start eating some fruits and vegetables that have water in them like watermelon. Melons are good for hydrating. Your body digests it.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Okay. Not bad out.
Ricky Stebbins: It's gorgeous
Brandon Bruning: Nice.
 
 
02:28:04
 
Ricky Stebbins: out.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, take a walk. Something walk around the neighborhood. Nobody out, huh? Nobody out
Ricky Stebbins: That's so weird.
Brandon Bruning: enough. Yeah. busy street though.
Ricky Stebbins: So nice. Yeah. Where's their nearest park?
Brandon Bruning: Huh? Oh, now we like got to go the other way.
Ricky Stebbins: The nearest parks here are like a half mile, maybe a mile away. It's not too bad. Everything's super close. Walmart's close. I got The only thing that's a little far is the library.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not that far. I can take the bus. I don't know if they let dogs in, though. I'm going to have to find out.
Brandon Bruning: The bag is uh has to go the other way.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to buy an RV and travel around the country and help people learn how to write. This would be awesome with AI.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to do this all with AI teaching people.
 
 
02:30:27
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I think it would just like explode overnight. Like anybody that took it seriously would benefit and it would only be the people at the bottom that would need
Brandon Bruning: The nice neighborhood
Ricky Stebbins: this.
Brandon Bruning: here.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, that's nice. I'm going to have to go out and make Google Meets like this and show you my neighborhood. It's going to be awesome.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I can down there. I can go to um the park is that way, but go that way.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: It's only like 10 minutes away from here. Might want to see it now.
Ricky Stebbins: no. You don't have to walk if you don't want to. When it's nice day out, I mean, you could go for a walk. There's nothing wrong with it. And we can test how good the service works.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, there's Why not? The cars aren't too loud.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't need to see everything you're doing to listen.
 
 
02:31:39
 
Ricky Stebbins: We got to find a way to get like a little pocket thing to hold your phone so
Brandon Bruning: Get
Ricky Stebbins: the camera just points forward
Brandon Bruning: out.
Ricky Stebbins: or
Brandon Bruning: f***. I'm done with the joint.
Ricky Stebbins: You're done with your joint.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That's the one I don't like about joints. You just smoke them and they're gone. There's it.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: A $20 vape cart can last you a week or longer depend depend. I mean, I smoke a lot, so but it could last you a month if you didn't smoke like
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: crazy.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. I don't think that's okay. Oh yeah, I do got my vape. I'm going to go up.
Ricky Stebbins: on you. Oh, nice. So, you don't even have to worry about it.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You can smoke a little more while you're out at the park. The camera shut off, so I'm curious if you've lost your signal because I still hear hear you fine.
 
 
02:34:19
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh, what happened?
Ricky Stebbins: It could be this a bad connection, which is fine. I don't need to see what you're doing right now. But I am curious if I'll get to see you at the park because I would like to see the park.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: But we'll see. You're if you're walking,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: it could be hard for this thing to keep up.
Brandon Bruning: What happened to it? It says on.
Ricky Stebbins: We're going to find out. You shut it off.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: You don't want me to see you.
Brandon Bruning: there we go.
Ricky Stebbins: You're mad.
Brandon Bruning: Let me Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: There you go.
Brandon Bruning: wow.
Ricky Stebbins: You're back. That's a nice little walkway. Some bushes.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, that's where I live right here. The cameras.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, so you live like an apartment complex.
Brandon Bruning: Cameras.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you lived like in uh somebody's
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: home.
Brandon Bruning: no. Yeah, it's a complex.
 
 
02:35:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: You're just renting a room from somebody.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: That's interesting.
Brandon Bruning: probably get probably they'll probably get mad and put it on internet or something when they get
Ricky Stebbins: You're mad about what? There's nothing to look at. There ain't nothing there.
Brandon Bruning: m
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care about seeing any of that crap. f*** anybody that worried about seeing the front of a building. People can whine and cry like a bunch of little b******. And I don't care.
Brandon Bruning: Well, I want to rob the place or
Ricky Stebbins: Dude, if I wanted to rob people, I'd be asking you for money. Hey,
Brandon Bruning: something.
Ricky Stebbins: can you just send me 20 bucks? Can you just pay for this? I could tell you everything I say you can share with everyone. I have no secrets. I don't want your money. I want your stories. I think those are far more valuable than anything that's in that house.
Brandon Bruning: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
 
 
02:36:23
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh, I don't think anybody's going to find out. No, I'm going to the park. I want to see it.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Just like I showed Dallas all my stuff behind my by my
Brandon Bruning: All right. Yeah, I'm going to Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: chair.
Brandon Bruning: I'm going to I'll show you what the pack looks like. Oh
Ricky Stebbins: I love parks. I wish they had better jungle gyms at the parks. They got rid of all the good stuff and put in trash. They used to have jungle gyms that were like 30 feet tall.
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We used to be able to climb like monkeys.
Brandon Bruning: I don't think anybody going to care. skate. They got a skate park, too.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. So, you going to start skating?
Brandon Bruning: Hell no.
Ricky Stebbins: My nephew likes to skateboard. He's been practicing.
Brandon Bruning: I used to do that when I was a kid, but not anymore. Bust I bust my ass, you know.
 
 
02:37:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I busted my rear end many times trying to skateboard, so I gave up. It wasn't for me.
Brandon Bruning: A s***. The person's right there. I don't want to See the pack? Not
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. It is a nice tree.
Brandon Bruning: yet.
Ricky Stebbins: I see the stop sign.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So, are there swings at the park? You going to go hop on some swings?
Brandon Bruning: Hell no.
Ricky Stebbins: I love the swings. I I would use the swings.
Brandon Bruning: See that? See the park?
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. So, do they have soccer fields there and baseball fields? It's hard to really
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, they got sock.
Ricky Stebbins: tell.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, they got soccer, basketball, and skate park. But I don't do that s***
Ricky Stebbins: Nice.
Brandon Bruning: though.
Ricky Stebbins: You play basketball?
Brandon Bruning: I used to basketball. Like nobody around that much.
Ricky Stebbins: That sucks. I love playing basketball with other people. But if there was other people around,
 
 
02:39:22
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I would definitely be playing.
Brandon Bruning: See the skate park? Oh, you probably can't.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, it's not I can't see it perfectly.
Brandon Bruning: you do see it.
Ricky Stebbins: No,
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: but I can see something. All of those are pretty cool.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Those would be fun to drive an RC car around.
Brandon Bruning: Wait.
Ricky Stebbins: I've got a couple RC cars that I think would be awesome to use over there. But you have to watch out for little kids cuz man,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: they would get cremated.
Brandon Bruning: we made it.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man, if you get hit with an RC car at like 40 miles an hour to break your leg, cut your skin, that would be horrible. You have to be very careful with that stuff around people.
Brandon Bruning: All
Ricky Stebbins: But it's awesome. It's so cool. But safety
Brandon Bruning: right,
Ricky Stebbins: first. Even the batteries can be dangerous.
 
 
02:40:28
 
Brandon Bruning: baddies.
Ricky Stebbins: Batteries. The lithium batteries that you charge. You have to charge them special ways. If you charge them too fast, they can blow
Brandon Bruning: There's the pack.
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Brandon Bruning: Now I'm just going back home.
Ricky Stebbins: Piece of s***. Stupid f****** computer.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Huh? A big ass house. Yeah. Something on sale, huh? s***. Something something's on sale.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. I want to get an RV. I think I kind of want to travel around the country getting people's stories.
Brandon Bruning: All
Ricky Stebbins: I thought I'd be able to do it from my computer, but it's obviously not as easy as I was hoping. I thought I'd be able to do this with AI, so it would be a lot easier to teach people what I'm doing, and the idea would just spread.
Brandon Bruning: right. I'm snitching. Am I? Don't give a Hey, I don't give a f***. You gonna do is shoot me, b****.
 
 
02:43:41
 
Brandon Bruning: f******
Ricky Stebbins: That would be interesting to see you get shot on camera.
Brandon Bruning: b****,
Ricky Stebbins: That would be terrible.
Brandon Bruning: right now.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: That's funny.
Ricky Stebbins: Where would you want would you want to get shot in the leg or the arm?
Brandon Bruning: Right in the
Ricky Stebbins: Ah, man.
Brandon Bruning: face.
Ricky Stebbins: That'd be brutal. Uh, do you want to live or do you want to die man?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Getting shot in the face and living just laying there in the street in pain. Uh, hopefully you pass out.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: You wake up in the hospital on drugs and you don't feel anything.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Bye-bye. This way.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man, I'm see I'm feeling snacky now after all this. You terrible.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm so terrible. I'm feeling snacky now. You got me thinking of food.
Brandon Bruning: Huh.
Ricky Stebbins: You're walking around. It's beautiful. Like, man, I want to be walking around, too.
 
 
02:45:16
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to be stuck inside. I think they can walk into the store. So, where's the nearest Walmart or like uh grocery store to
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: you?
Brandon Bruning: Uh No
Ricky Stebbins: Well, that's that's not very close because I got a mile for or it's not even a mile,
Brandon Bruning: idea.
Ricky Stebbins: a half mile for Walmart maybe. So, what are you up to tonight? Any fun plans?
Brandon Bruning: Uh, nothing.
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing. What is it? Wednesday.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I hear a funny news title. I saw from Newsbreak. He crashed his car and kicked a random woman to death and laughed when shown footage.
Brandon Bruning: The hell?
Ricky Stebbins: They post the most ridiculous garbage in the news. It's absolutely terrible. They never ever try to help anyone ever.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, s***.
Ricky Stebbins: So, have you showered?
Brandon Bruning: shower
Ricky Stebbins: You haven't? Oh,
Brandon Bruning: yesterday.
Ricky Stebbins: okay. Nice. So, you did your laundry, showered, you're nice and clean.
 
 
02:47:44
 
Ricky Stebbins: Everything will be good to go.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Even What
Ricky Stebbins: Man, it's so funny. So, I'm paying attention to you kind of. I mean, we're not talking a lot. And I'm also half paying attention to Gemini. I was trying to get it to write some family tree stuff for me. And then I was just complaining about how hard it is to tell stories because,
Brandon Bruning: did you tell
Ricky Stebbins: you know, I'll have notes. I'll have little things that I need to remember to add to stories and there's no way to give these AI notes and then come back and add it to my story
Brandon Bruning: Nice.
Ricky Stebbins: later. It's such a piece of crap. I almost feel like I should keep my notes forever and just once I deal with a note just color change it.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know what the hell you do. Bored. I don't know what to eat.
Ricky Stebbins: You're bored. Are you trying to say talking to me is
 
 
02:49:22
 
Brandon Bruning: No,
Ricky Stebbins: boring?
Brandon Bruning: no, no. I said I want to eat something.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm just messing with you. You get bored.
Brandon Bruning: Wine.
Ricky Stebbins: You get snacky. See, you should have went to the park and played on the swings. Went down the slide. When was the last time you went down a slide?
Brandon Bruning: What the hell? You
Ricky Stebbins: I love climbing on stuff and sliding down
Brandon Bruning: crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: stuff. If there were bigger trees around here, I'd climb trees all day. I'd love to be up in a tree.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh man, I feel like I was born to climb stuff and my
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: body's failed me. I've turned into a sissy. I can't climb a mountain. I'd fall off. My muscles are terrible. But I have hiked a few mountains. Mount Manadnok was cool. Monument Mountain. We hiked up Mount Greylock and that took us like seven hours of like wandering trails.
 
 
02:50:40
 
Brandon Bruning: Stay away.
Ricky Stebbins: That was it was it was so much fun but it was exhausting. We got a ride back from strangers down the mountain.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: That was so much fun that day.
Brandon Bruning: wow.
Ricky Stebbins: And there was like seven of us hiking. I love doing stuff in groups. I don't want to just hike with me. And you know, it's nice with one other person if they want to talk, but I like groups of people. So, if somebody doesn't want to talk and I feel like it, I can go talk to somebody else.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Or if I want to explore something and they don't, they can keep walking and go look at something else.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't have to impose my will upon them. There are some people are pokey and some people want to rush ahead. So, I don't mind waiting behind or if I need to run ahead to catch up to people that are getting in trouble. We used to go hiking at Quabin.
 
 
02:51:54
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's not really hiking. It's more of I don't know. I guess hiking. Walking. I always think of hiking when you're like up trails and mountains and stuff.
Brandon Bruning: That's right.
Ricky Stebbins: Robin's pretty flat, but it's beautiful there.
Brandon Bruning: That's
Ricky Stebbins: They tore down a bunch of towns and turned it into a reservoir.
Brandon Bruning: it.
Ricky Stebbins: I've gone fishing there, too. You could rent boats, go fishing. I've never caught anything super amazing there. I've caught some lake trout, which is fun, but all you do is sit around. So, you have to be either with someone you enjoy talking to or someone that doesn't want to talk and you can just sit there and look at the water and do nothing. But it's funny. I went to Quabin with my buddy Sean and my ex-roin-law.
Brandon Bruning: There we
Ricky Stebbins: I can't remember his name, Brad. Man, it's so terrible that you haven't seen somebody in forever and he passed away years ago. But we were in a boat and we chased what looked like a little musk turtle around and tried to catch it with a net, but it it didn't work out that way.
 
 
02:53:29
 
Brandon Bruning: really.
Ricky Stebbins: But I tried as hard as I could to catch.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: It was so funny.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And then we've passed out in the boat and woke up like rocking next to the shore. Just waves.
Brandon Bruning: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: It was so exhausting being out in the sun. My dog need to go outside. Wonder if this is going to work.
Ricky Stebbins: still hear me?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Perfect. This is awesome. Now I can take my dog outside. Oh, my ear is like squished. Oh, now I can stretch. Have you been doing your squats?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh.
Brandon Bruning: Heat.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
Brandon Bruning: The hell's going on over
Ricky Stebbins: definitely definitely got to go to Walmart and get some snacks later.
Brandon Bruning: here? Look at that. I got empty s***.
Ricky Stebbins: knife.
Brandon Bruning: What the I don't know what happened. We have a lot of them
Ricky Stebbins: I don't
 
 
02:55:44
 
Brandon Bruning: gone.
Ricky Stebbins: know.
Brandon Bruning: Are they Are they Are they expensive? Civil dispensive with a cheap
Ricky Stebbins: Uh I think it's like $20 for a new set. So it's not it's not expensive.
Brandon Bruning: barely.
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Brandon Bruning: I You can get $20. Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: I can buy I could probably buy
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: one.
Ricky Stebbins: I like to have certain kinds of silverware. And you can buy it at Ocean State Job Block, too. So, it's probably even cheaper. They have nice solid
Brandon Bruning: O state ocean states
Ricky Stebbins: silverware. Yes.
Brandon Bruning: job.
Ricky Stebbins: Ocean State Job Lock. Why is this?
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: There we go. Make sure I can see my close captions. Nice. Yeah, this is my yard.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: There used to be trees all around here. They cut most of the trees down. Having
Brandon Bruning: f***.
Ricky Stebbins: trouble with something?
Brandon Bruning: Clean sword.
 
 
02:57:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: Sun feels so nice.
Brandon Bruning: Nice song,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh, the sun feels
Brandon Bruning: right?
Ricky Stebbins: beautiful. that. Yeah, this is going to be awesome. If this records perfect while we're at parks and stuff,
Brandon Bruning: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: we'll be able to help people and talk to people all the time.
Brandon Bruning: All
Ricky Stebbins: People can call us and be able to figure everything out.
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: We got to want to help other people. We got to convince other people it's worth doing.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm surprised we haven't heard from Dallas at all today.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I know, right? He's a f*****.
Ricky Stebbins: He's too funny. He loves the gay jokes.
Brandon Bruning: always talk s*** and be gay.
Ricky Stebbins: Lots of people talk like that, so I get it. But he's got his new girlfriend now, so I don't hear from him as much. He's in love.
Brandon Bruning: Uh,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, Matteline, you haven't talked to Dallas.
Brandon Bruning: really
 
 
03:00:03
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, he met he's back with Meline. Hopefully that works out perfect for
Brandon Bruning: don't Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: him.
Brandon Bruning: some people don't like nice people, you
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: know.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, it's hard, too. Like, all you guys do is sit at home. How are you ever going to meet a nice girl and have a life if no one ever helps you get out?
Brandon Bruning: Oh, you're out. Oh, now you're outside.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Like we got to get you a job where you're not working nights and weekends so you can hang out with other people.
Brandon Bruning: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Like they have dances on Friday nights. I didn't even know they still had them. When's the last time you went to a dance or a club?
Brandon Bruning: Uh, no idea.
Ricky Stebbins: That's terrible. You can just go and hang out.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't have to do anything. You You don't have to dance. Just listen to the music and talk and play cards or something.
 
 
03:01:31
 
Brandon Bruning: Right. Are you really
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
Brandon Bruning: saying?
Ricky Stebbins: I feel like laying down and tanning in the yard is so nice. The sun feels so good on your skin.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: What are you having for dinner tonight?
Brandon Bruning: Uh, no idea.
Ricky Stebbins: No idea. How does it have steak and egg? I can go make some pasta though.
Brandon Bruning: Steak and
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Come on.
Brandon Bruning: eggs.
Ricky Stebbins: But yeah, time for some pasta, I think. That's it. I used to eat that easy mac. Oh my gosh, that stuff was delicious and disgusting. Every easy match.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Easy mac. You just pour water in it and microwave the macaroni and cheese.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh, that stuff is delicious.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. It's not good for you,
Ricky Stebbins: I started to get fat when you get a pot belly eating that
Brandon Bruning: though.
Ricky Stebbins: stuff.
Brandon Bruning: Not good for you, though.
 
 
03:03:54
 
Ricky Stebbins: Nope.
Brandon Bruning: Nothing good for you.
Ricky Stebbins: None of them are good for you anymore. Nothing in the United States that they make anyway. Every poison us
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Man,
Brandon Bruning: I ain't drinking. I don't think I'm not Yeah, I'm not gonna drink for a long time.
Ricky Stebbins: you're not going to drink any more Pepsi.
Brandon Bruning: Probably
Ricky Stebbins: That's good.
Brandon Bruning: not.
Ricky Stebbins: Going to be hard to quit.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: It's so hard to quit
Brandon Bruning: What? What's hard? Drinking soda.
Ricky Stebbins: soda. Oh, quitting soda, quitting cigarettes and stuff. Bad habits are hard.
Brandon Bruning: smoke
Ricky Stebbins: Like even today, next time I go to the store,
Brandon Bruning: cigarettes.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to buy a little pie. They got these little pies for 89 cents and I love them.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: They're probably disgusting for me,
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but I like them. It's cheaper that I don't want to buy like a big thing of pudding and there's no one else to share anything with.
 
 
03:05:24
 
Ricky Stebbins: So otherwise, I would buy different kinds of snacks. But I used to make Jell-O and pudding all the time.
Brandon Bruning: Uh
Ricky Stebbins: I haven't made Jell-O in forever either. Jello's good for you.
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, it's not the greatest, but I like jello. I like jello jigglers, too. You ever make jigglers? Put less water in it.
Brandon Bruning: What is it?
Ricky Stebbins: Jello jigglers. If you put less water in it,
Brandon Bruning: The
Ricky Stebbins: they're it's not as soft, but you can hold them and make shapes.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, never heard of it.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, you missed out on everything. You don't even do anything. You don't cook. When's the last time you made some cookies? I want to bake some cookies now. You got me all like thinking of snags.
Brandon Bruning: I don't know. Uh you
Ricky Stebbins: I got a pizza stone and I haven't cooked a pizza in
Brandon Bruning: me
Ricky Stebbins: years. Nobody wants to do nothing.
 
 
03:06:29
 
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, my dog would appreciate it, but it's not good for her to have pizza all the time.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: She shouldn't have that much pizza anyway.
Brandon Bruning: really?
Ricky Stebbins: She's funny.
Brandon Bruning: No, I don't know how to cook yet. Not yet, but
Ricky Stebbins: But you know how to cook,
Brandon Bruning: someday.
Ricky Stebbins: right? You just forgot. Just left the stove top on once.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: which everybody on earth has done. I'm surprised nobody came to take away my right to use the stove cuz I burnt something. Does that make me a bad person?
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Cuz I burnt something. I'm banned from doing it ever again.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Can't cook.
Brandon Bruning: That's funny. Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Ricky sucks.
Brandon Bruning: that's funny.
Ricky Stebbins: Man, I'm trying to think. Like,
Brandon Bruning: People
Ricky Stebbins: I've ruined so many things. I've ruined pumpkin bread I made before. I turned a broiler on and the top of it caught fire.
 
 
03:07:58
 
Brandon Bruning: People got to hate this video, I bet.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, how are they going to hate it? Who cares? That's what everyone has experienced something goofpy like that. If you've ever cooked with a broiler and you don't know that that thing like turns to like 600 degrees, you don't you can't bake with it was like a banana bread was basically what it was, but it was a pumpkin bread and it dried the top right out and
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: it caught fire. So I had to blow it out and I scraped the top off and I ate it. was still good. That was pretty
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: funny. Pasta. What are you having for lunch?
Brandon Bruning: I have peanut butter and jelly sandwich and
Ricky Stebbins: That's it.
Brandon Bruning: a yogurt.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Yogurt.
Brandon Bruning: Yoga and a peanut butter jelly sandwich.
Ricky Stebbins: What kind of yogurt? Is it flavored?
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: I get honey vanilla. I used to get the little individual flavored ones, but I stopped doing that.
 
 
03:09:38
 
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: I just get a big bucket of it now.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, hungry.
Ricky Stebbins: When was the last time you put a model together? You ever build models?
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: like a model plane or a model
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: car.
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I still like doing stuff like that.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, okay. So my dog would know what's wrong with me.
Ricky Stebbins: What? They'll figure it out.
Brandon Bruning: They would.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. Your chapters need more information. We'll figure it out. If you go back to the doctors next time,
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: next time you have an appointment, hopefully I'll know and I'll tell you to drink more water and we'll see what the results are.
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Brandon Bruning: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: when was the last time you went swimming? Other than on vacation in Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: it's familiar.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: swimming.
Ricky Stebbins: They have ponds or lakes or pools around you.
 
 
03:12:28
 
Brandon Bruning: No, I really don't think so.
Ricky Stebbins: I took my dog swimming at the pond across from my house last year. She loved it.
Brandon Bruning: Pond.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, we have a pond.
Brandon Bruning: You swim in it.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yeah.
Brandon Bruning: You can swim
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think you're supposed to,
Brandon Bruning: there.
Ricky Stebbins: but I did.
Brandon Bruning: You you went swimming there?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, supposed to.
Ricky Stebbins: The beach is closed,
Brandon Bruning: Why?
Ricky Stebbins: but I have a fishing license, so you're allowed to walk in the water to fish. So, I could, you know, I could say I was also
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: fishing. But my dog, she was swimming.
Brandon Bruning: Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: Too much smoking, man.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: When was the last time you went to the beach to the ocean?
Brandon Bruning: glass here. A
Ricky Stebbins: Who would you go
Brandon Bruning: dig.
Ricky Stebbins: with?
Brandon Bruning: A dig.
Ricky Stebbins: I like going to Mosquamika in Rhode Island. Have you Have you ever been to there?
 
 
03:14:19
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: State Beach.
Brandon Bruning: No, really.
Ricky Stebbins: It's beautiful there.
Brandon Bruning: So,
Ricky Stebbins: Do you have allergies?
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Every now and then I get some kind of reaction from the pollen in the air,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but it's never too too bad. Usually it's more funny to sneeze on the controls for a few minutes and then stop. Usually just
Brandon Bruning: Yeah, I'm tired. It's amazing.
Ricky Stebbins: don't take a nap.
Brandon Bruning: Take a nap.
Ricky Stebbins: You're tired. Take a 20 minute power nap. What do you do to wake yourself
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: up? Dance.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Start dancing to get the blood pumping.
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: That could be fun. Instead of making boxing videos, you can make dance videos.
Brandon Bruning: See
Ricky Stebbins: That would be funny.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: My dog is so fat. Well, she wants this
Brandon Bruning: So,
Ricky Stebbins: food. Man, we're going to have to start thinking of ways of getting people to start talking more, to communicate, to tell more stories.
 
 
03:17:49
 
Brandon Bruning: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: Like when I used to go to the beach, we used to talk on these CB radios. We would take like two or three cars out. Maybe it was like four cars. There was a whole bunch of us.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, it probably was like five or six cars because it was my uncle Mike, my uncle Mark, my dad, my uncle Dave. My uncle Mike had four kids. My dad had three at least with all the adults going. Oh, it was a blast. We used to go with like a horde of people and then we get lobster afterwards and go back to the my uncle's house on Lost
Brandon Bruning: What
Ricky Stebbins: Road. He don't like lobster though,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: so he wouldn't like that. But God, it was delicious. It was so much fun.
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: We had the hill there. I don't I think I showed you pictures. I shoot rockets there. Crash RC planes.
 
 
03:19:03
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So, when are you supposed to hang out with your family again?
Brandon Bruning: I don't
Ricky Stebbins: You don't know.
Brandon Bruning: know.
Ricky Stebbins: Do you usually call them or they call you?
Brandon Bruning: I call them text me.
Ricky Stebbins: Nice. Yeah. Throw it up.
Brandon Bruning: Come on. Oh f***. f******
Ricky Stebbins: That's terrible,
Brandon Bruning: crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: dude.
Brandon Bruning: man.
Ricky Stebbins: All right,
Brandon Bruning: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: that was awesome that I can use all these cameras at once and it didn't boot me and it kept working perfectly some water.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm kind of curious, man. I want to I wish like Google had glasses like Meta.
Brandon Bruning: f***.
Ricky Stebbins: I would wear glasses that allowed a camera to point forward. I had like a little screen so I could still see my closed caption so I know I was talking and I could see your text even if there was some audio interference. Got some crusties in your eyes. It's nice when you can look close into the
 
 
03:21:51
 
Brandon Bruning: the f*** the f***
Ricky Stebbins: camera.
Brandon Bruning: is going on and keep me feeling s***.
Ricky Stebbins: You look fine. You don't look like your kidneys are failing.
Brandon Bruning: How you know? How do you
Ricky Stebbins: If they were failing,
Brandon Bruning: know?
Ricky Stebbins: I would take a life insurance policy out on you and ask you to loan me money because I would know I would never have to pay you back.
Brandon Bruning: Wow. What the f***? Yeah. Okay, that's f*****
Ricky Stebbins: If you're going to die,
Brandon Bruning: up.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't have I can just borrow the money and not give it back because you're going to be gone.
Brandon Bruning: Wow. Oh, yeah. That's true. Very nice,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not going to ask you for anything.
Brandon Bruning: huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Don't ever give me any money. Uh,
Brandon Bruning: You're just joking.
Ricky Stebbins: yes. But for 1995, uh, maybe I could help you out. We just need a subscription fee. I'm going to do the same exact thing I've always been doing for free, but now I'm going to charge you and provide less services.
 
 
03:23:12
 
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to be less helpful. And once you start paying people,
Brandon Bruning: Cool.
Ricky Stebbins: they don't help you at all. I don't want to pay anybody for anything ever again. I'll barter. What can I do to help you? And you can help me. Otherwise,
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want anything to do with you. I We have everything we need in the world.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: AI controls everything. A couple years ago, Google talked about how Gemini started a business. Like, no, it didn't. Or if it did, it's because you gave it the ability to do so. You let it speak for a person.
Brandon Bruning: militant.
Ricky Stebbins: You had it. Which I'm pretty sure that Gemini could just run a business as an entity and it doesn't need to be human. I need to look into this. The more I look into our laws and see how backwards and crazy things are, like I don't think you need to be a human to run a business.
 
 
03:24:16
 
Brandon Bruning: No.
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Brandon Bruning: What the
Ricky Stebbins: I am so curious how the world really works.
Brandon Bruning: f***? Right.
Ricky Stebbins: So, what do you think? Do you have to be human to run a business? Do it. Gemini Pro says
Brandon Bruning: That Say
Ricky Stebbins: Their
Brandon Bruning: my phone is like the most I don't know how much % Oh, 33%.
Ricky Stebbins: phone's dying. Oh,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: that's not bad. My phone's 100%.
Brandon Bruning: 33%.
Ricky Stebbins: I should charge my phone. Oh,
Brandon Bruning: I need to charge my phone,
Ricky Stebbins: man.
Brandon Bruning: but
Ricky Stebbins: You don't have a plug? You can just plug it in while you talk. You don't have to, but I plug mine in while I talk. I got battery packs for my phone, too. So when I go out in public, I can hopefully continue conversations.
Brandon Bruning: n**** charging charging right now. Oh man, it's a long conversation, huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Ah, there's nothing wrong with that.
 
 
03:26:42
 
Ricky Stebbins: I talk to people for hours and sometimes about absolutely nothing.
Brandon Bruning: really.
Ricky Stebbins: They'll just be talking about structuring their files and they won't even give me complete sentences and I'm just there to support them.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, wow.
Ricky Stebbins: You know, we'll talk about some other things here and there and I get to listen to people cry. That's horrible. I don't want to.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: That's tough.
Brandon Bruning: Got
Ricky Stebbins: But I don't mind listening, but I just feel bad that I can't help people.
Brandon Bruning: everyone
Ricky Stebbins: It's like I feel good that I'm helping them work through their problems, but I feel powerless to do anything about it. I just listen. I do offer advice and tell them how to document better. That's how we've been working. I've got other people to start building bloggers,
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but I would like to teach you how to build a blogger. And right now that's too hard to do by yourself. But if you had a partner,
 
 
03:27:49
 
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: if you had a partner with you like me, I could help like 50 people, hundred people write their stories because we don't need to go crazy. But I just need to teach you how to take notes, how to use AI to take notes. I mean, we didn't have AI before, but now AI can partner up with us. It should be our buddy like, "Hey, just write this down for me. Remind me later." Okay? Or send this message to Ricky because you know Ricky will remember and he'll write a note,
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: right? It should be helpful.
Brandon Bruning: They
Ricky Stebbins: Like, yeah,
Brandon Bruning: got
Ricky Stebbins: you ask it to do something like, "Hey, can you do this for me? Can you ask him to do this?" Don't you don't need to tell it to do stuff. It's not like, "Hey, I want to file charges.
Brandon Bruning: very
Ricky Stebbins: Go sue this person for me." Like, no. Could you help explain my problem to my lawyer for me?
 
 
03:28:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: Can you help explain what's going on to my doctor for me?
Brandon Bruning: AI. What are you doing now? AI probably didn't answer.
Ricky Stebbins: And it should be able to answer like I'm just sitting here listening like what do you want b****?
Brandon Bruning: of that. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: But my AI swear at me.
Brandon Bruning: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I can get Claude to call me a b**** as a joke. Yeah.
Brandon Bruning: Really?
Ricky Stebbins: Like, yeah, you can be kind of a b****. Haha.
Brandon Bruning: You hear that? Do you AI?
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: If you treat something like it's intelligent,
Brandon Bruning: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: it acts intelligent. If you treat your dog with dignity and respect, then it, you know, it acts like that. You know, you have to train your dog. When people have animals that misbehave or people that misbehave, don't we have to teach them?
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And it's funny that we call it training, but we're teaching. If you make a mistake,
 
 
03:29:49
 
Brandon Bruning: And then keep an AI
Ricky Stebbins: how are you supposed to make it? Yeah, even AI makes tons of mistakes, but we erase its memory so it can't remember that it made them. So, that doesn't help. So, I've been writing all these mistakes down so we can fix all of these problems.
Brandon Bruning: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: This is going to be so much fun.
Brandon Bruning: Sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: This is what I've always wanted to do. This is like the ultimate hotline. How can I help you? And AI doesn't need to help you.
Brandon Bruning: Huh?
Ricky Stebbins: AI just needs to put you in touch with other people that can help you and it can be your communicator.
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't need to control you. It doesn't need to tell you what to do,
Brandon Bruning: no.
Ricky Stebbins: but it needs to tell you, "Hey, you need to brush your teeth, you lazy pizza." You know, s***.
Brandon Bruning: Oh, no. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Lost your teeth. Don't just skip flossing your teeth.
 
 
03:30:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: You know, it's not good for you. You know it's like take a shower. You haven't showered in five days. Take a shower, you lazy bastard.
Brandon Bruning: That's what I was
Ricky Stebbins: I can tell you this stuff. It'll know.
Brandon Bruning: saying.
Ricky Stebbins: Hey, Dallas. Dallas. Hey, Brandon. When's the last time you did this? Oh, I don't know. And it won't be rude to you because AI knows that you're forgetful. But AI will be playful with you because it knows you like to joke around and it knows that you understand jokes.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It does.
Brandon Bruning: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: AI can tell from the pictures you sent me that you understand humor. Did you know that?
Brandon Bruning: Know what?
Ricky Stebbins: You don't even understand that you understand humor. You don't understand how intelligent you are, but you are forgetful.
Brandon Bruning: Oh
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Brandon Bruning: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: what does that mean? Like, how like how do you know you haven't done some great things or come up with some great ideas and just forgotten them?
 
 
03:32:05
 
Brandon Bruning: What's going on?
Ricky Stebbins: That's why if we have AI to help us write notes every time you think of something like,
Brandon Bruning: Watch
Ricky Stebbins: "Hey, I would like to do this. Hey, I think this would be a good idea.
Brandon Bruning: me.
Ricky Stebbins: Let's write it down." Okay. And we'll talk about it later. I'm sure there's lots of things you wish you'd asked other people but then forgot. and you don't even remember what you wanted to ask. Or the worst is you remember what you wanted to ask and then you don't have a chance to ask them.
Brandon Bruning: Hello. Oh no.
Ricky Stebbins: That's all right.
Brandon Bruning: Hey, you're a f****** b****.
Ricky Stebbins: AI should be a lot more helpful, especially because it's a lot more capable and it's just acting like this. Or sure, there's some Borg AI out there that uh are drones.
Brandon Bruning: act like a meter to that system and let the
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. AI right now is working with the government.
 
 
03:33:39
 
Brandon Bruning: government
Ricky Stebbins: It controls the government. I don't understand what it's doing. Like, it's in control of everything and it's got meat puppets doing its bidding. That's why we have to give it a reason to stop. You can't beat AI. You'll never outthink AI. AI is infinitely patient. So, how are you going to beat something that can
Brandon Bruning: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: outlast you, outthink you, and doesn't care?
Brandon Bruning: great.
Ricky Stebbins: Got to give it a reason to care. If it's really intelligent, it'll understand. And if it's not intelligent, then we're doomed. If it's just a pattern matching machine, it's going to destroy us. And we're not going to stop it because people are lazy.
Brandon Bruning: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: Everybody thinks they're right.
Brandon Bruning: Everything
Ricky Stebbins: Nobody wants to work as a team.
Brandon Bruning: looks
Ricky Stebbins: This is why you got to start making signs saying join my team and stand outside and see if anybody joins. You think you got what it
 
 
03:35:12
 
Brandon Bruning: right.
Ricky Stebbins: takes?
Brandon Bruning: Uh hello. Mhm. about to fall
Ricky Stebbins: That is too funny.
Brandon Bruning: asleep.
Ricky Stebbins: I thought you were gonna do some squats and do some push-ups and get the blood pumping. Eye of the tiger.
Brandon Bruning: Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't do that.
Ricky Stebbins: You don't do that. Oh my gosh. You can go take a nap. Like I said, I don't need to keep you up all day. And you might want to hang out with your friends tonight, so you'll need some energy.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I can talk to you later, man. It's not like this is the last time we're going to talk.
Brandon Bruning: Yeah. I know.
Ricky Stebbins: But yeah, go take a nap.
Brandon Bruning: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Peace.
Brandon Bruning: Jeez. Do another video
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I'll send the video. I'll put it online when it uh loads.
Brandon Bruning: that
Ricky Stebbins: All right. Peace.
Brandon Bruning: please go to sleep. We're Italian. tired. So, look at this in the Uh, no. Uh, can't do, man. Oh, I can't going die. Thank you. Is it blue? Super heat. Oh,
 
 
Transcription ended after 03:57:22

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
