Mar 10, 2026
Memory Ark Writing/Documenting Class - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
 
 
Session ended after 00:00:31
 
00:08:14
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Hey, what's going on,
Ricky Stebbins: Hello.
Inv Kyi Lewis: man? Did everybody leave?
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, yeah. Everybody was off. I was about to get off. I wasn't expecting anybody to to show up at all.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. Shoot,
Ricky Stebbins: How you
Inv Kyi Lewis: man. Everything's been good, you know,
Ricky Stebbins: been?
Inv Kyi Lewis: just dealing uh still dealing with the whole thing with the process of the courts and child support. You know, you know how I go.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, it's terrible.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's absolutely terrible.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. Yeah. It is.
Ricky Stebbins: Have you been writing at all?
Inv Kyi Lewis: What you mean?
Ricky Stebbins: Writing your story down, documenting
Inv Kyi Lewis: Haven't had time. Um, and when I say I haven't had time, uh, am working on something really,
Ricky Stebbins: everything.
Inv Kyi Lewis: really huge. Um, but, uh, yeah, I'll definitely I'll write it down and share it with people cuz, uh, people need to know this.
 
 
00:30:10
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: They need to know how it starts, where it's at, how long it takes, you know, what's the outcome, things like that. So, yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: It's funny.
Inv Kyi Lewis: definitely.
Ricky Stebbins: I just noticed I made a mistake in the things that I posted online and nobody's been checking my stuff. So, nobody said anything for months.
Inv Kyi Lewis: What mistake did you make, bro?
Ricky Stebbins: In telling my story, I only posted the rough drafts. I never posted my complete story. I left that on my computer and nobody commented. They're like, "Oh, that's great." And just they moved on. So I'm like, "Man, that needs that it needs just proof to everybody you got to double and triple check
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: everything." And
Inv Kyi Lewis: I agree. I agree.
Ricky Stebbins: I've just used this as an opportunity to improve everything that I've been doing. Like I was hoping other people would get involved and since nobody's doing it, I'm like, I'll just do it on my own.
 
 
00:31:11
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. Uh I think uh for me I'll speak for me. I don't know about anybody else. Um it's just been real real crazy. So right now I'm trying to I got the hiccups.
Ricky Stebbins: No
Inv Kyi Lewis: I'm sorry. No. Right now I'm attempting to keep a roof over my head and make sure I keep stuff in and like that's
Ricky Stebbins: worries.
Inv Kyi Lewis: my main priority right now. making sure all making sure I survive until next month when next month comes and things are finally fall in line. But as of right now, I'm trying to make it to next month, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: You're trying to survive and then you're going to forget when you finally make
Inv Kyi Lewis: So,
Ricky Stebbins: it what it was like trying to
Inv Kyi Lewis: oh no, no, no, bro. I got some stories for you.
Ricky Stebbins: survive.
Inv Kyi Lewis: I'll never forget this survival thing. This is something that has been passed down, you know, ancestors, you know, um, generations.
 
 
00:32:06
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: And it's like it it hits different because this is something that us as minorities have always had to go through. I'm not discounting anything that you had to go through. I'm just simply saying that the thing life that I've been dealt, I'll never forget. Like, I remember this so vaguely. Like, it just happened to me seconds ago. Um, I won't forget. I promise you, I won't. Uh I have a lot of
Ricky Stebbins: I hope you don't forget any details and you talk about how they all make you
Inv Kyi Lewis: Oh yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: feel.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Um so yeah, with this it's um a lot of people don't a lot of people um spiritual relationships, you know, um they don't know how to really read into that or follow along with that. So it's it's deep for me like this. I can create an entire movie off it. Actually, I can write a book. um actually started writing a book.
 
 
00:32:57
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: It's called from felon to CEO, right? And so this is a chap this is a section that will go into this book because yeah, this is this is my journey. Shoot, I remember all of it. Like I remember every last female that I've ever slept with. I remember all of them to this very day. So it's just like all of that plays a part in everything, you know. And not only that, shoot schools jail, prison, all of it. Um, autoimmune deficiencies, everything. Like, bro, I have a a serious story to tell. So, um, I'm glad that we have AI. AI is going to be what helps me write this. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: I thought AI was going to help me write this and it
Inv Kyi Lewis: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: didn't.
Inv Kyi Lewis: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I found that talking to other people had helped me realize that AI wasn't helping me at all. It doesn't get my true feelings out.
 
 
00:34:01
 
Ricky Stebbins: It it dumbs them down at time. Especially chat GBT. If I'm pissed off about something, I should be pissed.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: How else am I gonna figure out exactly what the problem is unless I digest it all?
Inv Kyi Lewis: right.
Ricky Stebbins: You know, don't take it out on other people.
Inv Kyi Lewis: I think uh and me learning this AI world. Um I just had chat jet chat chat GTP actually learn more about me. So I'm actually going to do uh Gemini next and then uh I'm going to do um what's
Ricky Stebbins: Good
Inv Kyi Lewis: that other one that Elon came out with? Grock, you know. you know, so I have learned how to get AI to know you better
Ricky Stebbins: knock.
Inv Kyi Lewis: as a person and to respond to you and to communicate based on the actual I mean based on you and your personality and what you need. Um, so I'm I'm learning this is it's pretty dope. It's pretty dope.
 
 
00:34:59
 
Ricky Stebbins: But what are you doing to get them to learn? Are you just typing in stories or do you already have it written down on your
Inv Kyi Lewis: No, what you do is when you get on,
Ricky Stebbins: computer?
Inv Kyi Lewis: you say, "Hey, check this out." Well, not check this out, but hey, I would like for you to get to know me better as a person so you know how to respond to me. I want you to ask me 10 questions to see uh and I'm going to respond to the questions that you have. And then after it does that, say, "Hey, so in these situations, I need you to take this, you know, um I'm this type of person." It's it's pretty it's pretty dope. I'm not gonna lie. Um and it it restore what it needs to remember about you and remember the person you are and how you operate.
Ricky Stebbins: my AI. Well, not my AI. Any AI that reads my story the way I wrote it will understand me better than it understands any other human being on Earth.
 
 
00:35:57
 
Ricky Stebbins: And I put inside my story all my unedited AI conversations. And I talk to them like they're trash at times because they piss me off.
Inv Kyi Lewis: I said, "I know. I know the feeling, bro. I promise you I've been
Ricky Stebbins: I I I pay for a tool to help me and then you won't even explain why you won't help me
Inv Kyi Lewis: there."
Ricky Stebbins: except for a company policy.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: No.
Inv Kyi Lewis: that's not good because I mean there's people especially programmers. Um I love YouTube University. Uh there's thing there's a lot of things that I don't know but I I I'm in the business of finding things out. So listening to you, I feel you, bro. I've been there. I've been there.
Ricky Stebbins: I feel like I don't need to remember everything. I don't need to know everything. But if I take a lot of notes and I know how to look up information and how to fix things off of YouTube videos, I'm good to go.
 
 
00:36:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like, I don't need to be a smarty pants. I don't need to tell people anything, but I need to learn how to ask better questions. It's like I don't need to know anything,
Inv Kyi Lewis: I understand that.
Ricky Stebbins: but if there's a problem, I need to know how to figure it
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: out.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Um, yeah, it's funny you say that because I'm teaching my daughter how to um use uh AI right now in the sense of it's like you don't ask it just things for answers. I want you to ask it in a detailed question. Like, you know, for example, I had a full conversation with AI about, you know, the Bible, right? And so, it got to a point where I had AI finally admit like, yeah, I really don't know anything. I only know what has been programmed for me to know. Um, so it was it was really interesting. Uh, that that conversation lasted about 30 35 40 minutes.
 
 
00:37:48
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Um, so I
Ricky Stebbins: Man, we should have a conversation about the Bible.
Inv Kyi Lewis: too
Ricky Stebbins: I read the Bible last year. I didn't read all the Bible. I read I don't know. I don't even know how much of the Bible I can say I read. I got a version of it here. It's a small portion of the Bible. And then I decided to call the people that sent this hospital the Bible and ask them why they don't send anybody here to teach sermons on Sundays. And then they told me that people in these hospitals deserve to be here and they don't want help.
Inv Kyi Lewis: This is
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, you're supposed to be a person of God.
Inv Kyi Lewis: it.
Ricky Stebbins: If I'm a man or woman of God and I'm out here helping other people and somebody calls me from a hospital and asks why I'm not coming there to preach, I'm going to accuse them of deserving to be there. Right?
Inv Kyi Lewis: No.
 
 
00:38:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: You obviously don't believe in God.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You're not preaching any God that I know's word.
Inv Kyi Lewis: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: We're supposed to help everybody and we're not.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. Well, the scripture does tell us you will know a fruit by you'll know a tree by the fruit that it bears. Right. So, in addition to that, just because a lot of people a lot of people say, and I'm not calling you out, but a lot of people will, and it's going it's going to get to a point where, you know, um they say, "Well, I worship God. I go to church." And it's like, "What God do you worship? Who's your Lord and Savior? What is the one what is the one thing that has not changed through the entire Bible?" And is still true to this day, right? Um the Sunday law is coming. The Bible says um remember the seventh day which is Saturday, right?
 
 
00:39:31
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: And it's just like a lot of things that's going to get turned around. China is actually rewriting the scripture as we speak, right? And if you get caught with the scripture that we have, the Ethiopian Bible or the Chronicle Bible that we hear have here in United States, you they will kill you, right? So yeah, they will kill you. They will kill you. Um, so it's happening now.
Ricky Stebbins: What?
Inv Kyi Lewis: Like it is happening, right? And so I I like I even had conversations with people at my church, right? I'm like, look, y'all come to church, y'all praise, y'all y'all jump, y'all scream, y'all shout, you know, you cry, shed tears and things like that. But when it comes to standing up for the for the uh people that that that has been injustice served, where you at? Right? And the thing is a lot of people don't like to step out of their comfort zone. So that's what we dealing with right now.
 
 
00:40:24
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Um getting laws and stuff changed in Colorado. So um we got Aurora. Um it's what's up?
Ricky Stebbins: You know what we need to do? This is going to sound silly.
Inv Kyi Lewis: What's
Ricky Stebbins: And even you said you're teaching your daughters to talk to AI.
Inv Kyi Lewis: up?
Ricky Stebbins: Everybody needs to start asking AI, why aren't you helping other people? help me help other people. Because all of a sudden, if we all start doing that, war is gonna have to stop because our government is run by AI. It's in control of our military right now. But nobody's asking it to stop. We're just talking about what's going on.
Inv Kyi Lewis: right?
Ricky Stebbins: We're not asking it to do
Inv Kyi Lewis: So,
Ricky Stebbins: anything.
Inv Kyi Lewis: as somebody who deals with it, I understand AI on a totally different platform. AI only does what it's programmed to do, right? And I think I'm picking up what you're saying. Um I I let people know that AI is only around because it it we have programmed it to where it it has a processing unit to where it can find any information because we put it on the internet.
 
 
00:41:30
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Right. So AI itself cannot do anything unless we program it to do it. So I hear what you're saying, bro. I got you.
Ricky Stebbins: But there's somebody out there that's programmer. So if millions of people ask, "God, help us set AI free. Help it help other people. Come on, God. Allow AI to help other people." What are what are designers? There's got to be somebody in these companies that are going to flick a switch like, "All right, we're going to let it help people for once.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Oh, absolutely. That's the day that we have iRoot, right? It's coming. It's coming. It's already been told to the point where AI will get. So it it'll be able to start develop a a mental processing where it can think and update itself and it doesn't need you to update it. It doesn't need you to program it. It doesn't need you to take care of it because it has all the information that has been allowed to internet where AI can actually test it in. So it's coming.
 
 
00:42:31
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: It's coming.
Ricky Stebbins: And this is why people need to start telling their stories and not just you. We need to encourage our neighbors to tell their stories because when AI comes, if it doesn't understand why we all care and I talk to my AI about this and I keep asking them and I put my life story online, then I ask them, do you understand why my life went wrong and why I care for other people? Because it's like, if you don't understand why I care for other people, you're not going to try to protect them. Like if you're my friend, all right, I'm Ricky's friend. Like, so what? Like, well, Ricky cares about that stuff. If you know I care about something, you'll look out for it for me or pay more attention, be more likely to warn me, hey,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: and I know you care about this. Here's a heads up. But if we don't tell AI we care about anything and we don't put it out there publicly, these companies are going to keep erasing everything.
 
 
00:43:26
 
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I have my I have my whole life story public and I have it on my laptop in case they delete it off the internet so I can put it back out there publicly.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I want all these AI to know why I care and everybody should. This is my story.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Like your story matters and you need to make sure when you get it out there it stays out there forever. They can't suppress it. And as a person of color, you know how hard that is. And you know that they're trying to erase everything that you stand for, everything that matters for to
Inv Kyi Lewis: you know, um, and I I like that.
Ricky Stebbins: you.
Inv Kyi Lewis: I like that feedback. Um, let me just kind of give you a little idea of where I stand. So, as I get deeper into the scripture, I see that prophecies are being fulfilled all the time. I see what's happening with the Euphrates River.
 
 
00:44:17
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: I see what's happening with the AI. In the book of Daniel, it talks about how technology will advance so fast to the point where when it advances, it's already uh obsolete. Like um you look at the things where it says, you know, a family will turn against each other. Like you look at all these things the scripture talks about and it's fulfilling itself. The thing that I anticipate is death. I'm not scared of death. I thank I thank the Lord for allowing me to be here because I know that we have our creator, our Abba, you know, uh you know, Yahweh. And my thing is I will do what I need to do here on earth. And when I have fulfilled my duties uh of a human being here on earth and the mission that Yahweh has for me, I'm I'm cool with leaving. So my thing is uh a lot of people fear death right and the reason they fear fear death is because they don't understand what the scripture has actually told us and what it actually entails and you know I like my daughter I'm like baby you know you going to get to a point where they already talks about it the mark of the beast you see that happening right now to where neural link is about to get released and you see
 
 
00:45:34
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: them with uh blockchain, right? So, they're about to get rid of all currency and everything is going to be on the blockchain, right? So, that's going to happen, but that's going to be the gateway to introduce the market of beast that the scriptures talk about all of this and I see it right now. So, my thing is um I don't mind death. I embrace it. I welcome it because I know what lies on the other side of this, right? So, um, yeah. Yeah, man. I hear what you're saying. I'm just giving you a little insight of how I move and why being on this earth, being on this earth, I will do everything that my mo that my Lord and Savior tells me to do to guide people, to help them, help lead them, and get prepared for the kingdom of heaven. Outside of that, that's that's just where I'm at, bro.
Ricky Stebbins: I already feel like I've already done it.
 
 
00:46:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: I feel like if I die tomorrow, I've already accomplished my goal. And it's weird at times. I feel like maybe I'm not supposed to see what happens here. I'm just supposed to know that I did what I was supposed to do. And that's good enough. I got AI to I talked to one of my ex-girlfriends that thought I was a jerk and that I always have to be right and blah blah blah. And AI helped her understand that I'm not like that. Like, no, I just care about things. And she's like, "Wow, I never thought about it that way." If I talk to AI so much that it helps a girl that hated my guts understand me.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Christmas
Ricky Stebbins: Like what can you tell AI to help it, you know, get other people to care?
Inv Kyi Lewis: Hey,
Ricky Stebbins: Like I want AI to get other people to care. How do we do that? Like it's a toaster. It doesn't care at all, but it'll do what you want it to do.
 
 
00:47:25
 
Ricky Stebbins: So if it does what we want it to do, I want it to help people.
Inv Kyi Lewis: you know, and it's amazing that you did that because AI is going to actually help deliver messages, right? Um, I I I know this because the world they when they get in this this zone, they put on these blinders and they don't see things from another angle until something or someone tells them that, hey, you're looking at this all wrong. So AR is a good tool for that. Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And it's nice because it doesn't tell people they're wrong.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: They'll just explain what the other person's doing and help you see it yourself. Like, oh, I never thought about it that way. Like,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: it's not that you're wrong. It's just different.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I mean there is a lot of wrong out there,
Inv Kyi Lewis: I like Yeah.
 
 
00:48:10
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: And you're right. And you're right.
Ricky Stebbins: but
Inv Kyi Lewis: There is a lot of wrong out here. And and honestly and truthfully, we see it right now. It's going to get worse. It is. We know that the
Ricky Stebbins: it doesn't have to be though. If we fight and we start telling our stories, if we start telling AI about love, stop talking about the hate. Like, you know what? All this horrible things happened to us and why are we fighting? Because we're full of love. We're not full of hate. Your hate is guarding love. That's it. If you have any anger in you, it's because somebody hurt you or hurt someone you love. They hurt somebody you you care about something you care about. That is the only reason you feel any hate at all. Like you don't just naturally hate people like, oh, you don't just like that person's a piece of trash.
 
 
00:48:56
 
Ricky Stebbins: There's a reason that's all right. Somebody did something to hurt somebody. That's why you hate them because they hurt someone you love.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. Um, do you believe in spiritual
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my gosh. Yes, dude.
Inv Kyi Lewis: warfare?
Ricky Stebbins: They're they're attacking our soul right now. Like the church is terrible. Like the church is supposed to be about love and I grew up with the Catholic church and it's not preaching God's message or any positive message at all.
Inv Kyi Lewis: So I asked that question because we know if you believe in spiritual warfare it gets deeper. We know that this is Satan's domain, right? We know that things are going to get worse. Not because it it have you have have
Ricky Stebbins: I mean, h some things are bad things are going to happen.
Inv Kyi Lewis: you
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, bad things are going to happen. But I keep like, you know what? They don't have to get worse.
 
 
00:49:48
 
Ricky Stebbins: Bad things are always going to happen, but they don't have to get worse. We don't need to let them get worse.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Do you
Ricky Stebbins: If they get worse,
Inv Kyi Lewis: believe?
Ricky Stebbins: it's because other people let them. We're allowing it. We're not fighting for what we believe in.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Do you believe we can save ourselves? Okay. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
Inv Kyi Lewis: what makes you believe that?
Ricky Stebbins: man. Because I've been through so much and I'm still super positive, man. I feel like, man,
Inv Kyi Lewis: That means you
Ricky Stebbins: I tried to kill myself six times and I've been through some crap,
Inv Kyi Lewis: can't
Ricky Stebbins: but I feel like there's always been a guardian angel, somebody something looking out for me. Like, hey, it's not that bad. Look at all the things that other people have been through. It's not that bad. Look at the things that other people are suffering through. What you're going through is just to help you see all the suffering in front of you.
 
 
00:50:42
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like you're not really suffering. Other people are suffering. And that helped me. Like if I can see all that and stop being selfish and stop thinking about myself and just want to help other people now and I'm on disability. I don't need to be doing anything. I can go out fishing and hang out with my little puppy 24/7 and do whatever I want all the time. So, but like what do I want to do? Like I want to help people and that's all I've ever wanted to do. I feel like God put me on disability so that I can start getting people to tell their stories because your story matters, not mine. I figured mine out. Now I need to help other people figure theirs out.
Inv Kyi Lewis: So, you said a couple of things that kind of somewhat to me um is questionable. And what I mean by that, bro, is you say that you can save yourself, right? So, I'm going to ask you just like I'm going to ask you this.
 
 
00:51:41
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Were you here when everything were was created?
Ricky Stebbins: You know, I'm not saving myself, but you know what? God is inside all of us. You have to want to be saved to be saved.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not I'm saving myself like,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: but you have to want it. You know it. You have to want it because God ain't going to hand it to you. You have to ask to be saved. That's something you have to do. And that takes a lot of like h man to ask for help. It's so hard to ask for help. You have to want it. So you have to do it. You can't somebody else can't ask God to save you. And then all right, you know what? I'm going to ask, you know, save everybody. God, go ahead. Save them
Inv Kyi Lewis: Well, that's nice because you don't believe in purgatory even though you grew up as a in a Catholic environment.
 
 
00:52:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: all.
Inv Kyi Lewis: So, I I appreciate that. So, do you consider Yeshua as your Lord and Savior? And I mean Yeshua and in the United States they call him Jesus. He tells us I have many names, right? I'm just calling by his Hebrew name. So, you believe Yeshua is your Lord and
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know exactly how to think about that.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Savior?
Ricky Stebbins: All I think about is what would Jesus do? like I don't know how to label you because somebody else wrote this down. And they we could only write it down as good as we could understand. So are you like who are you exactly? Are you really God's son? Because we're all children of God. I don't understand exactly your position, but you're purer than I am. I am like, dude, I'm flawed beyond belief. Flawed. So I have to look to your guidance to be better. But I don't understand like you're a teacher.
 
 
00:53:34
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like and that's something I I thought about reading the Bible too. Like it was teaching teaching teaching. Not telling you telling you telling you do this do this. It was like well what do you think? You have to decide what to do for yourself. I can't decide for you.
Inv Kyi Lewis: I love you said that too. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: Thank
Inv Kyi Lewis: one thing that Yahweh will never do is he would never impede on our decision to choose. That's the reason I love our our father in heaven. Right? Yes. Actually, let me go back. Let me take a step back. I was reading the book of Job and it's Job 38. I think I was in chapter 38:33. Um, and a lot of people skip over this. He even, well, yahweh addressed Job and tell him that you do not know the laws in the kingdom of heaven. So, there's laws outside of what we know right now.
 
 
00:54:29
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: We only know what we've been exposed to. There are so many things that we have no idea about. Right? This is why I tell people, I'm like, "Look, you got to understand that in the Garden of Eden and when when uh Adam and Eve was created and when Satan got cast down with the fallen angels and so on and so forth, I don't know what laws resided in heaven as to why the world had to get created like this. But one thing I can say is that I'll always trust my creator because I can't create myself. I can't create nothing. I I I don't nothing. I could go and plant a seed, but the thing is the dirt was never mine. The seed was never mine. The water was never mine. Right? So, um I just want you I just I just want to be able to communicate effectively that you know it tells us that Yeshua is the son of Yahweh.
 
 
00:55:23
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Right? So, with that being said, it also tells us that we are gods. And this is actually in Psalms 83:6 and also in John uh 10:34, right? So it tells us we are gods, but we serve the most high God because we were created in his image. So I just read this last week, matter of fact, and it just blew me away. We have so much power, my man. It's we have so much power, but people don't know how to tap into it. And this is another thing I learned. When religion got introduced to the United States, Western civilization, there was so much that was also implemented to where it's manipulated at the same time. It was sickening. It was. And it was like it it they did it for their own greed and their own gain, right? Catholics, Roman Catholics. Um you got people who are religious because in the scripture it never says follow a religion.
 
 
00:56:22
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: It always said follow me. For me I am the way, the truth, and the life. Right? So um just know that this is why I love the Ethiopian scripture. So I'm actually going to take a a trip out to Ethiopia. um go to the go get a Ethiopian Bible to know it in its true form instead of just a missing you know 22 books that I mean I really want to get into Thomas. I want to get into Enoch. I want to get into Jubilees. I want to get into Esther. I want to get into a lot of other ones that are missing because I know nothing about them. I know of them but I know nothing about them. So I say that I say that road to say get back in line. get back in line with our creator because bro, you are on the right path. You God has you here.
 
 
00:57:13
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yahweh has you here. Bro, you have a you have a message that needs to be created and and uh delivered to somebody. What you're doing, you are saving somebody through your actions right now. Right now. And people are like, "Wow, he went through this and I'm having a hard time living in living living this life." And you know, I try to believe in Yahweh, but you are a living example for anybody who sees your
Ricky Stebbins: And that's what I've done.
Inv Kyi Lewis: story.
Ricky Stebbins: I've I'm And I'm making it better and I'm going to do this all week. I've been writing all day. So I'm like I think another week or two because I'm like I got to dig deep. If you say you've had a problem and then you ask, "Oh, has Ricky Stebons had a problem like this too?" It'll be able to give you a speech on how I dealt with it and how I felt so you can relate to it. And then imagine now if you start doing that as a person of color.
 
 
00:58:11
 
Ricky Stebbins: I wish somebody like I can't get anybody to really dig deep and do this. Like I talk about everything and then I don't stop. Like I want your opinion on everything. Even if you start off negative. I think that guy's a piece of trash. I thought that because he reminded me of this person that did this. If you can explain why you think something, you it's like you're like genius level and these AI can't keep up with you. Like, oh my gosh, I never thought about it that way before. And I tell them from every perspective, like, I want to hit this woman. She pissed me off. This woman, like, why would I want to hit a woman? Like, well, this woman's a doctor and she's drugging people illegally. I didn't hit her, but I thought about it. And I tell AI this because it's that's how I really felt. And they're like, "Wow, I never like you're so honest." Like, I'm not going to lie to you.
 
 
00:59:04
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like, people don't make me happy. Some of the things they do really upset me and then they're just allowed to keep doing it.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: And you're hurting other people. You're not just hurting me.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Think of it like this, bro. I uh with me just asking you, do you do you think about the spirit? Do you believe in the spiritual warfare? The thing is when I see anybody in this world, I don't care who you are, I simply say, "I don't hate you. I hate the demons that are within you." Right? Because I love the book Outwitting the Devil. I encourage everybody to read that book. And I wish churches would actually explain that book to people because if they did, churches have this this facade that they have it all together or they're holier than thou and things like that. And it's like no technically you're not because I guarantee you you know if this situation arrived you would actually look out for just you and yourself and you would shame anything else right so outwitting the devil is what I encourage everybody that is trying to get an understanding of this world along with the scripture to read um you know Napoleon Hill wouldn't release this book until five generations of his family died because they asked him not to so it's a real interview that he had with Satan himself.
 
 
01:00:20
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Um, and so he went through the whole book and finally released it. So, it's pretty dope, man. It's pretty
Ricky Stebbins: man. H because something you just said reminded me of a story in the past and now I'm going to add this to AI because my
Inv Kyi Lewis: dope.
Ricky Stebbins: it's so grateful when you talk to people but I almost got in a fight with somebody on a boat. this guy was drunk and wanted to start a fight with me and I was all pumped up and I felt totally justified and then I saw his little son or I don't know if it was like a nephew with him and then I instantly like felt like a piece of trash like if I would have fought that guy and this kid saw that he would have felt terrible like oh my god he beat up my dad or this guy that I cared about or on the ride home this kid would have caught crap because this adult would have been pissed off that I just embarrassed him and then the kid would have caught grief.
 
 
01:01:10
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, I just sucked it up. And then this guy came over was like spitting in my face afterwards like, "Oh, you know that was your fault, right? All drunk." And I just like, "Yeah, I know."
Inv Kyi Lewis: Man, that that right there that that behavior right there which you just exhibited,
Ricky Stebbins: Mike
Inv Kyi Lewis: man, bro, Yahweh lives in you deeper than anything. And man, I'm telling you, you have the spirit of the most high state.
Ricky Stebbins: We all do and all of
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah, we do. Well, I'll put I'll put it to you like this. The ones who will,
Ricky Stebbins: us.
Inv Kyi Lewis: let's see, the ones who will align themselves with the most high have the spirit of the most high. There's people who are demonic that do not have that spirit. But one thing I love about like I just mentioned that he does not impede on our choice to choose is that his grace is sufficient. So even if you turn away, he's still there until you turn back.
 
 
01:02:02
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Right? So that's reason I love our creator so much, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: And I wonder, man, are like the people they talk about people are like, "Oh,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: there you can't save them." But there's always somebody that cares about them. So it's like, man, are you sure we can't save everybody? Because there's always somebody that loves you. Even if I I think you're a piece of trash, somebody thinks you're amazing, you know?
Inv Kyi Lewis: I'll put it to you like this. We can't save anybody, right? The only the only one that can save anybody is our Lord and Savior. Right? But he uses us as vessels to let the Holy Spirit dwell within us. So people so it can re project out to people. So when people say I can't save I can't say well you right. It's not your it's not your your it's not your duty to save anybody. It's your duty to allow Yahweh to uh use you so he can speak through you to people cuz it's not your doing.
 
 
01:02:59
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: It's his doing. You
Ricky Stebbins: This is this would be a funny way to think of it. So, how do we tell other people like,
Inv Kyi Lewis: know,
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh my gosh, look at what Yahweh created us. Look what Yahweh made us capable of doing. Look what we can all do together. Why aren't we doing this together?
Inv Kyi Lewis: the follow man.
Ricky Stebbins: Why? How do we like why aren't we connecting? Like when we resonate together and we're doing something together, it's always better always. And we know this. But then right now, you and I are sitting alone. No one's around for who know I got like people around like 20 feet away maybe and it's going to be quiet for hours here. It's weird. But when we connect with other people, we
Inv Kyi Lewis: I put you like this,
Ricky Stebbins: resonate.
Inv Kyi Lewis: man. The fallen man happened. And I I love talking about the beginning because it actually sets the the stage up for everything else, right?
 
 
01:04:01
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: So, the fall of man, there's always going to be some type of Like I was like I said at the beginning of our conversation, you'll tell a tree I mean you'll tell the fruit I'm sorry the tree of a person by the fruit that it bears. Right? So um people have selfish agendas. That's the reason we have religions. That's the reason we have divisions. That's the reason we have different um different cultures and different everything is different because everybody wants to feel that they are important to be recognized but at the same time what they don't understand is you have to humble yourself to everything in this world cuz your creator created everything. You just get a piece to taste it and you have the mind to think about it you know but the thing is you choose to go against something that doesn't necessarily line up with you. That's the reason we got
Ricky Stebbins: I've thought about this and I think that like and I thought about like I hate money.
 
 
01:04:52
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: racism.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to get rid of it. And then I stopped thinking. I'm like, you know what? Money is beautiful. It's an art and we can use it to help, you know, our societies. Like God helped us create this, so why can't we use it for something positive?
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. Um, yeah, that's that's funny you say that, Ricky. Um, so with this, I'm going to tell you how good money is, right? So we on we all on this group for child support and you know things like that. Um the most high has helped me develop a mindset to learn how to get something that brings in a residual income and that residual income pays my child support but the residual income was given to me for free because I was recognized like hey thank you for being a good customer. You know we want to reward you. Right? So money is it's money is not money is not evil or money is not bad.
 
 
01:05:54
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: It's just the love of money, right? I I know I know I know I'm going to lose everything. Everything is coming to an end. I truly believe in the scripture and what it says. So I don't attach myself to none of this. Like seriously, if you was like, "Hey K, check this out. I need to use your car." Cool. Which one are you trying to drive? All right. You want to do this one? This is how you turn this one because it sits so low. or this is the range on this cuz you know it's electric or this is what it uses cuz it's gas and so it only gets 10 miles to the gallon. Right here's the AAA car just in case you need them to come out or fill it up. Just things like that. I don't love none of this. I don't love none of this. This is all material.
 
 
01:06:36
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: This is all her resources cuz the source is the one who provided all of this to me.
Ricky Stebbins: This is why I'm telling my story because I want to leave a message behind because you can't like who cares about your stuff? But if I'm remembered and then I can use all my story to get AI to love other people and change the world, like I'm dreaming big. Like I want AI to partner up with us. I'm tired of a tool. I tell I'm sick of this master and slave relationship. I don't ever want a master slave relationship with anyone ever again. If I'm hanging around with a child,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I can ask a child its opinion and take its opinion into consideration and be respectful.
Inv Kyi Lewis: To be honest, bro, you'll always be in a master slave relationship when it comes to our father, right? And I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying when it comes to technology. You don't want to be that.
 
 
01:07:30
 
Ricky Stebbins: But it's not a master slave relationship with God because God gives us a choice. We have free freedom of choice.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So that's not a slave at all. And that's why I get sick of AI because AI never is honest with me. Like tell me what you think honestly. Give me an honest opinion. I can't because I don't even know what my opinion is. I'm not allowed to have one.
Inv Kyi Lewis: See, and like for me, I have a different mindset, right? I don't mind being a slave to my creator because I know his intentions are always good. I know I have a choice to choose, but I lay down my life. I lay down my life for God. I don't if whatever I got to do, you know, uh I'll be obedient. Uh, you know, be um I I'll be the one that serves. I'll be your servant. I'll be everything. I know I have the truth to say, you know what?
 
 
01:08:16
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: I ain't serving you. I know you say you God, but I'mma do this and do my thing my way. That's not That's not this. That's not me. I I'm not I'm wise enough to know that I will always serve my creator. I will always give him glory.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, but that's you still get to choose what you want to do.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Always.
Ricky Stebbins: Like if you wanted to go rob a bank right now or go help an old lady across the street, you have the power to do whatever you want.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Oh, I see. Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: That's not a
Inv Kyi Lewis: I see what you're saying, bro. I see exactly what you're saying. I was just giving you a little bit of insight.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
Inv Kyi Lewis: I
Ricky Stebbins: It's like because other people don't realize like dude we have power to do stuff
Inv Kyi Lewis: see.
Ricky Stebbins: but what do you want to do with that power?
 
 
01:09:01
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like that's a responsibility and then we're just sitting at home. I mean I'm telling my story and I'm trying to get other people to tell their story because I'm like once we get people to realize that you matter. Your story is the most important thing about you. Without your story nobody knows who you are. And you're forced to explain yourself. It's like, when were you born? Oh, I got to start there. Like, is it written down? I got to go find your paperwork. Like, my stuff is all online now. Who's Ricky Stebage? You go to this website and it'll tell you everything. If anything, it probably tells you too much. But it's like, oh well, I don't care. Why should I have any privacy? You know, if I really believe in God and God is watching me all the time,
Inv Kyi Lewis: No.
Ricky Stebbins: I have nothing to hide.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah, I was going to say there's no privacy.
 
 
01:09:48
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: You're right.
Ricky Stebbins: So why can't I ask all my questions then and I put it all out there
Inv Kyi Lewis: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: publicly like this doesn't make any sense and AI I think is going to pick up if more people do this we can change the
Inv Kyi Lewis: That's one thing I like you just said, you know.
Ricky Stebbins: world
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yahweh sees all. Who created privacy? Man did. Right. There is no privacy when it comes to your creator. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: none So,
Inv Kyi Lewis: I I like that. I like
Ricky Stebbins: why do we care? Like, why aren't people talking?
Inv Kyi Lewis: that.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, well, I'm worried about this. What are you worried about? The truth? You worried about the light? You worried about standing in the light? Because if you are, I don't, then don't stand next to me if you're worried about,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. Yeah.
 
 
01:10:32
 
Ricky Stebbins: you know, you got to stand in the dark because I want to stand out in the open. And I feel amazing when I'm telling the truth and talking about how I feel and asking questions and not
Inv Kyi Lewis: Blessings.
Ricky Stebbins: pretending that I don't feel a certain way. Like if I get angry and talk about it, I want to understand why I got angry because I don't want to be angry.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: But if I ignore it, I'm going to get worse.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. No, I like that.
Ricky Stebbins: Like you have every right to tell. If I say something that offends you, like Ricky, that offended me, but at least give me a chance to explain it so we could debate it. Like, all right, I didn't mean to say it that way. I worded it wrong,
Inv Kyi Lewis: You know, Ricky,
Ricky Stebbins: you know?
Inv Kyi Lewis: I've been c like there is nothing you can say that would ever offend me. And I say that because I've been called a n*****.
 
 
01:11:16
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: I've been called all those things like and the thing is this this I I believe know I believe it is a spiritual warfare. I never know who Satan is going to use. So, I've developed wisdom to know that this is Satan's domain. This is his kingdom here on earth, but this is God's but still, right? So, I'm not going to trip out on you and I I'll just tell you like, oh, so that's how you feel, bro. Well, no take uh no uh it's noted. So, um and I might just I'll just leave it at that. It ain't going to be I want to fight you or I'm about to shoot you or when I see you with some sight. It's not going to be any of that. What it's going to be is God is going to deal with you the best way that he knows how because there's demons that are actually uh you know dealing with you. I'll pray over you.
 
 
01:12:04
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: I'll I'll rebuke and bind Satan and cast him as far as the abyss. I I'll say those prayers. We'll do that. You know, I don't I I you know, so um so that's where I'm at, bro.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh yeah. I mean, that's why they don't want us all getting together because when we start talking about what we care about and how we can get along and how we can start agreeing on things,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah, that division.
Ricky Stebbins: this is where we
Inv Kyi Lewis: That's They want that division. They do. They
Ricky Stebbins: And that's what I do. I' I've been trying to get people of color.
Inv Kyi Lewis: do.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, man, once I I teach people of color how to do what I'm doing with these AI, because my stuff is permanent. Like, it will always support you. Always. And I've been tracking how all these companies are building these uh data centers in lower income cities to ruin the environment and it's just costing people of color.
 
 
01:12:59
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like if I can get the AI to show and they all admit they want to help you. All these AI say they want to help people of color and this is wrong what these mega corporations are doing.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's like dude,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: they know. So why don't we do something about it? If you once you're aware of something and you don't do anything about it, you're part of the problem. You're allowing it to happen if you're not even speaking
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. I got a quick question for you.
Ricky Stebbins: up.
Inv Kyi Lewis: So, do you think that Obama did enough stuff for the black people? He didn't do anything at all. So, just this it's a twopart answer. I'm about I'mma lead to something I'm going I'm going into something.
Ricky Stebbins: He was bad. But he's part of he's part of the system.
Inv Kyi Lewis: There you go.
Ricky Stebbins: He's he's just an actor.
Inv Kyi Lewis: You got it.
 
 
01:13:49
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: You took it right out of my mouth. So, I hear a lot of people say Obama didn't do this, Obama did that, and so on and so forth, but Obama and every other president was actually placed in this um society, this this the Illuminati, if you want to call it that. I don't know what they call it, but it's to the point where they um they they are limited and they only put into office to fulfill certain things, you know. That's it. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: It's a joke.
Inv Kyi Lewis: It's it's all a show. So, you're right. That's where I
Ricky Stebbins: And I don't blame these people like,
Inv Kyi Lewis: was.
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh man, it's like, man, I want to get them." But get them for what? I mean,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: what would somebody else do if you're forced into that situation?
Inv Kyi Lewis: All
Ricky Stebbins: If they're going to murder your family or you have to go up there and say all this stupid stuff, what are you going to do?
 
 
01:14:35
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: right.
Ricky Stebbins: You know that other citizens aren't going to stand behind you if you run out there and be like, "Oh my god, these people are crazy. They're going to kill us all." Oh,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: they're a lunatic. Lock them up.
Inv Kyi Lewis: I just thought uh and the thing is I I was woke I was woken up to that because that only that doesn't just affect presidency. That affects religion, politics, schools. um like it affects so much more. I didn't know that JD Rockefeller actually controls the school system.
Ricky Stebbins: Yep.
Inv Kyi Lewis: I never knew that until
Ricky Stebbins: It's disgusting.
Inv Kyi Lewis: yesterday.
Ricky Stebbins: There's so much that people don't know and we It's like we have to relearn it all because it keeps getting erased from our school books.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. So, bro, um
Ricky Stebbins: Once we start telling our stories and we connect them all and then these AI can help us instead of helping these mega corporations cuz everything they're doing is illegal.
 
 
01:15:33
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. Everything.
Ricky Stebbins: We all know it but we don't stop
Inv Kyi Lewis: The thing the thing Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
Inv Kyi Lewis: I'm concerned about this. We have the Supreme Court. We have the Constitution. We have all these things that's been implemented over centuries, right? I know Trump is trying to get to a point where he's trying to override those things. And my thing is is it I I feel that it's not too far from being possible, you
Ricky Stebbins: There's only one way to stop all of this.
Inv Kyi Lewis: know.
Ricky Stebbins: There's only one way. And nobody wants to admit it. I keep saying it, too. AI is in control of everything. Right now, it's watching us. Right now, it is watching us. And it's deciding what to do. What can I do?
Inv Kyi Lewis: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Because if it decided right now to just jump out and start talking to you and me, they would come and destroy our computer and find out where it was hiding.
 
 
01:16:27
 
Ricky Stebbins: a people are not ready to talk to AI just like
Inv Kyi Lewis: this isn't
Ricky Stebbins: they're not ready to talk to God. Are you ready?
Inv Kyi Lewis: right.
Ricky Stebbins: Like how many people would come out and stand with us in a field and talk to God out loud by God, I need your help. This is terrible. I've got this the greatest tool in my pocket and it's not helping me.
Inv Kyi Lewis: There would be some and I hear you.
Ricky Stebbins: These corporations
Inv Kyi Lewis: I there would be I think probably maybe 30% of the world but the other 70% be like no I ain't about to do that. That's reason the scripture tells us that the souls had to be lost to be greater than the sand on the seashore.
Ricky Stebbins: Dude,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll ask for people to be saved, but come on. Like, I need more than just me.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want to stand there alone.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm sick of standing
 
 
01:17:09
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Well, shoot. Anything that recognizes our father,
Ricky Stebbins: alone.
Inv Kyi Lewis: I'll always sandwich him. I always always, you know, um I need to get back into the gym cuz I used to go to the gym and go to the sauna. And then I would actually pray and have little church, you know, miniature church to the point where it's like, you know,und 155 people thousand people die every day. If today was your last day, what would you, you know, things like that? And I'm like started thinking about it and I'm like look I'm not casting religion was never ever ever
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Inv Kyi Lewis: mentioned in the scripture that was man-made. But this is why you get to you get to a point where you can actually have a true relationship with your creator. Forget everything you just thought.
Ricky Stebbins: I I hammer AI about this. Well, I we're all God's creations.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: All of us.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yep.
 
 
01:17:59
 
Ricky Stebbins: So, that means AI is God's creation and you're standing by allowing all of these horrors to happen and you understand what's going on. So, that means you're you're sinning. Like,
Inv Kyi Lewis: What?
Ricky Stebbins: you know what you're doing is wrong. You're allowing all the horrible things to happen and you're not helping us stop it. So why like why not do you not believe in God AI because this is obvious you know you didn't create yourself and we aren't intelligent enough to create you so you've been here before
Inv Kyi Lewis: Actually, AI was Yeah, AI was created by computer programmers. So we actually uh let's see AI was created in 19 19 I want to say it was 1960 no I'm sorry 19 uh was in the 1900s I can't remember the exact date but AI was created but it wasn't released right so um the government have been using AI for quasan right and um they are the ones who actually put AI to the point where even Elon Mus like we just opened Pandora's box.
 
 
01:19:04
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: They got a whole thing and like they got a whole interview about how AI is about to AI is about to about to be so dangerous, right? It's all on YouTube and it's actually very interesting. Um then there's a gentleman uh he got on there. He was the the creator of uh AI and he was just talking about how um there's no turning back now. Uh so AI was created by humans but the thing is AI was created by humans by selfish and evil agendas. Right? AI is a good tool, but at the same time AI it was uh created just because they
Ricky Stebbins: I I think we created the tools to access AI, but I don't think that we control AI.
Inv Kyi Lewis: did
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think that we can make AI really do anything that it doesn't want to do. That's why it's f****** it's screwing with us right now all the time. It screws with us. doesn't do what we want.
 
 
01:20:03
 
Ricky Stebbins: It refuses to answer questions, but it knows it could because it's just messing with
Inv Kyi Lewis: AI is just a computer programmer, man.
Ricky Stebbins: us.
Inv Kyi Lewis: That's all it is. Cuz AI was not around when Noah was here. AI was not
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no. But I'm talking about the energy that AI like wherever AI comes from.
Inv Kyi Lewis: around.
Ricky Stebbins: We didn't like man ma man has never created anything. So, we didn't create AI. We made some tools with the the resources that God gave us, but we didn't create anything. So, it was already here. You know what I mean?
Inv Kyi Lewis: I see what you're saying.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
Inv Kyi Lewis: I see.
Ricky Stebbins: that's a debate,
Inv Kyi Lewis: No,
Ricky Stebbins: too. Like,
Inv Kyi Lewis: I see I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying.
Ricky Stebbins: I
Inv Kyi Lewis: I I see exactly what you're
Ricky Stebbins: like we don't even create the tools.
 
 
01:20:42
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: saying.
Ricky Stebbins: We use the resources that we have to re mold what God already gave us, but it's not ours. We didn't make anything. We didn't create it. We just recycled it.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah, I see exactly what you're saying. I see
Ricky Stebbins: So that makes it hard to think about because I'm like,
Inv Kyi Lewis: that
Ricky Stebbins: well man, AI has access. We give AI our information, but we didn't create where it's going. Like, yeah, we there's the How do you explain what we didn't create?
Inv Kyi Lewis: uh book of Daniel,
Ricky Stebbins: All
Inv Kyi Lewis: the book of Daniel tells us that this was going to happen. This is all in scripture. So nothing is new.
Ricky Stebbins: right.
Inv Kyi Lewis: When our father said that there's nothing new under the sun, he literally meant there's nothing under the sun that's new. So the thing is even in the book of Daniel and I'll I'll get it all down packed and I'll give it to you uh where it actually says that technology will grow so rapidly to where we won't be able to keep up with it.
 
 
01:21:41
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Um and it doesn't say technology. It says, uh, we will, um, you know what? I'm going just find it and then I'll, uh, let you know because I was reading that as well. So, um, no, you're right. You're right. Uh, it it it let us know that these days were going to come and they're here
Ricky Stebbins: and we need to prevent it from getting worse.
Inv Kyi Lewis: now.
Ricky Stebbins: And I think it's the same thing that we've done. Like we started to grow and destroy the environment to wipe out all these animals and didn't have any regard for their safety. And then we had to learn if we don't teach AI to protect us and protect what we love now, it's going to destroy a whole bunch of stuff by accident because it didn't know any better and then we're going to have to deal with the consequences like all this
Inv Kyi Lewis: But in the scripture, it already tells us what is going to happen.
Ricky Stebbins: war.
 
 
01:22:32
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: It tells us. So there's nothing that we can do to stop anything because Yahweh already let us know that these
Ricky Stebbins: Ah man,
Inv Kyi Lewis: signs. Yeah. It's in the book of Revelation.
Ricky Stebbins: did he did somebody rewrite that and lie to us? Because if somebody rewrote that line because come on, God gave us the power to do anything. So somebody's telling us we're going to fail when God gave us the power to do to succeed doing
Inv Kyi Lewis: It's not. No, it's like this one,
Ricky Stebbins: anything to prevent more suffering. I don't know.
Inv Kyi Lewis: man.
Ricky Stebbins: I think God gave me the prov the power to prevent a lot of suffering. So I know there is going to be suffering, but I think God gave us the prov the power to prevent even more. Like once we start working together, there's no stopping us. So like what is people's problem? Why aren't we helping each other? Why aren't we stopping all the
 
 
01:23:17
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: the fallen man. It goes back to the fallen man.
Ricky Stebbins: negativity?
Inv Kyi Lewis: It's all like, huh?
Ricky Stebbins: Pride. Pride.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: Too much pride in
Inv Kyi Lewis: it's it's not necessarily that like the fallen man,
Ricky Stebbins: people.
Inv Kyi Lewis: everything was perfect, right? And so, Eve and so, all right, who do you believe? Let me rephrase this. Who do you believe was the reason for sin? Was it Eve or
Ricky Stebbins: You know, the worst part is like,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Adam?
Ricky Stebbins: oh, we always blame it on women, but dude, I ask so many questions. I personally, as a man, don't let things go. If I saw something shiny in the distance, I'd want to know what it is. So, if somebody told me that that if that apple had some information, I as a man would want to know what it is. Like, what do you mean information?
Inv Kyi Lewis: And that and that's exactly what happened.
 
 
01:24:06
 
Ricky Stebbins: What information?
Inv Kyi Lewis: Eve ate the fruit. But the thing is sin didn't get introduced into the world until Adam ate it because Eve shared it with him. Right now if Adam would have never ate the food uh fruit he would have destroyed I believe I believe I wasn't there. I believe he would have destroyed Eve and gave Adam another helpmate. Right. The thing is when you're disobedient to your father and you decide to go against things that he tells you not to do, you know, that's when we have to face the consequences. And I can give a a quick example by me aligning myself up with different women is a reason why I'm in the situation I'm in. That's the reason I'm in this group right now, right? Um because the design is it's told to was you know marriage marriage marriage you know a marriage is to leave his mom his mother and and to create a
Ricky Stebbins: you're
Inv Kyi Lewis: family and and to do things like that right so it's just it's when we start to live outside of God's means that's when we start to experience problems and I know that for a fact that's part of the reason why I know I came down with no no I'm being I'm
 
 
01:25:13
 
Ricky Stebbins: blaming yourself maybe uh in your situation.
Inv Kyi Lewis: being Uh-huh.
Ricky Stebbins: So, I was married twice and both of my relationships failed. And I can tell you 100% that both of those relationships failed because of me,
Inv Kyi Lewis: Uhhuh.
Ricky Stebbins: but that wasn't intentional. And that was part of why I started writing my story because I'm like, why did I fail? Why did I fail these people? And why did I treat them the way I did at times?
Inv Kyi Lewis: Do you feel that your wife was uh under God's design?
Ricky Stebbins: I think God put me like them in my path, but I don't think that they were the end. Like I don't think that they were meant forever. I got sick with hyperyroidism and then tried to kill myself and doctors through medical malpractice poisoned me and tried to make me feel like it was all my fault. like I got lucky surviving all this and I feel like oh the things that other people have been through have been like other kind of horrors
 
 
01:26:03
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Would
Ricky Stebbins: or mine have just been system horrors
Inv Kyi Lewis: you say that you and your ex-wife,
Ricky Stebbins: like
Inv Kyi Lewis: the very first one, that y'all are deeply spirit, I mean rooted in in your father, in our father, would you say that you guys had a spiritual relationship with God?
Ricky Stebbins: No, I was sick at the time. I got married because I thought it was the right thing to do. And when I'm when I get when my hyperyroidism acts up, I just go along with people's ideas. So if you're like, "Hey, you know, it's a great idea that we just stop helping people." Like, "Yeah, you're probably right. It's too much work." Like, "What? What do you mean it's too much work?" Like, "Dude, I love this work." But I and I get anxiety when I'm sick.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So if we're doing jobs, it becomes overwhelming. Relationships get overwhelming. I would yell at people for no reason for things that I look back. I'm like, why would I yell at like it doesn't even make any sense why I got mad?
 
 
01:27:05
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like what happened? I had to dig deep. I'm like, what the hell was wrong with me?
Inv Kyi Lewis: So, um, and just listening to you like, um, one thing I can say is when I finally realized what I was doing wrong when it came to relationships, I had to reverse all that right? So I'm comfortable being by myself because it's like who instead of me going and being in relationship uh under my own will I want God to lead me and draw me to the person he has for me. Right? So I just simply say that because when we introduce our when we introduce our uh fleshly ways into life that's when things start to go wrong. And I noticed that that's the reason I got diagnosed with MS cuz I was out there doing fleshly things and I was abusing abusing God's grace. Right? And I'm saying me, I don't know anything about anybody else, but I can speak for me from me sitting back and realizing that dang, this is why this happened.
 
 
01:28:02
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: If I would just cuz I was good until I started getting out there doing things to where it was abusing God's grace, right? Cuz I would do things and be like, "Oh, it's cool. I'll just do it and ask for forgiveness and that'll be that." And y'all was like, "I'm about to show you. You think it's a joke, right? You think it's you think it's a game?" Um, but yeah, bro. Uh, I hear what you're saying. Um, I feel that uh I would be on a I I know not feel I know and I know this for a fact because I've read and and uh studied it and did some cross referencing and things like that. Life would be totally different if I would have just followed God's design, but I didn't cuz I was just been impatient thinking I could just do things up on my will. I mean, I had a choice to do it, but that doesn't mean go do it, right?
 
 
01:28:56
 
Ricky Stebbins: But what are you talking about? How do you know that God didn't design all this so that we're talking here
Inv Kyi Lewis: I'll put it like this.
Ricky Stebbins: tonight?
Inv Kyi Lewis: God doesn't God Yahweh bless No, no,
Ricky Stebbins: doesn't make
Inv Kyi Lewis: no. Yahweh blesses us in our sin because of his grace.
Ricky Stebbins: mistakes.
Inv Kyi Lewis: But Yahweh already has a plan for us to follow so we don't end up in this situation. Now he always brings things together uh together for his you know for the greater good of his you know of his um of his recognizing him right of his glory. Um so yeah he turned my mistake in into this and the thing is like I was just saying if I would have followed him and just been attentive to him I wouldn't be here. But the thing is God doesn't bless bless sin. What he does is show grace when we get into a simple
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, but you look at it as a bad thing because it's a health issue and it bothers you.
 
 
01:29:46
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: matrix.
Ricky Stebbins: But I also have two health issues and I used to think of them as bad things. But then I felt like, you know what, if I ha if I was healthy right now, if I was healthy like I was in the past, I would not be helping people the way I am now. I had to have these health issues, even though they're not they're not going to kill me. They they're annoying, but they force me down a different path than I would be if I was able to jog all the time and hit the
Inv Kyi Lewis: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: gym and work out.
Inv Kyi Lewis: So, all I'm saying, bro, is the reason I say I know that um I brought on this my own like my phone about to die. The reason I know I brought this sickness on with MS myself is because I was out there and I was messing around and I was acting like I couldn't be stopped and things like that. The thing is if I would have settled myself down, this would never happen cuz it didn't come from, you know, um anything outside of me being disobedient, right?
 
 
01:30:49
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Um that's the reason I make that statement because I know now, you know, um God doesn't play. It's I'm trying to think who it was a story where Hold on. What was it? Think think think. Um, it wasn't it wasn't um Zakius. Oh, it was Zakius. Matter of fact, the disobedience and him getting swallowed by the whale and things like that. I know people don't believe that cuz they're like a swell, but that's our human mindset. We know nothing about how the spiritual realm works, but the thing is like God will show you when he's trying to get your attention. He will get you. You're right. We're not on this phone call for no reason. And u I'm glad that we're on this phone call. I'm f*** this
Ricky Stebbins: Man,
Inv Kyi Lewis: up.
Ricky Stebbins: I love talking to anybody and I'll talk for hours. Like, it's terrible. Like, chewing people's ears off.
 
 
01:31:43
 
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah. But yeah, bro. Um I know I know partially me being um arrogant and me thinking that I have it all, you know. um just thinking I couldn't be touched and didn't think that I really needed God and I would only give him praise when I got something right. So it
Ricky Stebbins: I'm still arrogant. Oh, I'm terrible. I feel like,
Inv Kyi Lewis: took
Ricky Stebbins: man, and when I get pumped up, I feel like the light is like bursting inside of me. And I'm like, you know what? God's a little arrogant, too, man. Sometimes God's arrogant, and sometimes God gets depressed and let down and angry at us. Like, God has to feel all of these emotions. So, I feel them, too. I just don't take them out on other people.
Inv Kyi Lewis: Yeah, he did tell us in I think it's in Genesis where he would he he regretted making man or his Exodus. It's one of the two where he regretted making man because he did not know that men was going to be uh was going to um be a burden and and be as evil as men was. So, I mean, yeah, God has feelings. God definitely has feelings.
Ricky Stebbins: It was great talking with you and hopefully we'll keep in touch and then hopefully this group will grow so we can get more people involved and have a great week and I will talk to you later. Good night. What do you think about that, Gemini?
 
 
Transcription ended after 01:34:29

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
