Feb 22, 2026
Becka-Rayy - Transcript
00:15:20
 
Ricky Stebbins: How's it going? You don't have to use the video if you don't want to, but I have everything.
B: She says, "All right, I'm here. I'm ready.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no worries. So, what are we doing when Ellis signs on in two hours, too?
B: I kind of I'm not sure what is he got going
Ricky Stebbins: I have no idea.
B: on.
Ricky Stebbins: Linda just tries to keep setting up groups, but there's no rhyme or reason for any of
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: it.
B: she's that's why I just can't I can't do anything besides say hi, how are you at this point? Um, honestly, I keep trying to direct her. I keep trying to tell her how to help herself and like how I can help her is by her following directions, which she doesn't. So, I can't I I don't know with her. I don't know how to how to do anything with her cuz anytime I do try to set something up with her, she doesn't show up or she I don't know. It's It's too much for me.
 
 
00:16:40
 
B: I I don't
Ricky Stebbins: It's hilarious.
B: know.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know how people can be so disorganized and hey, let's do this and then you're like, what are we doing?
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I don't know. What do you want to do?
B: Right. like I'm confused and she's like all over the place. I'm like, "Linda, stop sending emails." Okay, you've sent 3,500 emails in two weeks. Mhm. Um, and now I know,
Ricky Stebbins: So many mothers do this stuff.
B: but it's like it's really excessive with her.
Ricky Stebbins: We have to stop it. All of them do
B: I'm like I told her I said you need to stop with the f******
Ricky Stebbins: it.
B: emails cuz if anything we would do an email campaign where there's 60 of us f****** all doing it and that will make an impact. What you're doing is just you're not going to make anybody you're if she's gotten emails stop
Ricky Stebbins: People
B: emailing me. Everybody tells her stop it please remove me and it's because she's filled my inbox also.
 
 
00:17:37
 
Ricky Stebbins: need to start documenting, right? Like this conversation when I send it back to you and then AI hears some of the things we're saying. It gives you a real opinion.
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: it if it has context to work with
B: Exactly. So, uh that's nice.
Ricky Stebbins: and it can compare it to all the other parents that I've talked to too
B: That's excellent.
Ricky Stebbins: now.
B: That's exactly what I I have so many people to talk to and I get overwhelmed. So, this will help a lot.
Ricky Stebbins: So, do you have a laptop and a cell phone?
B: Yeah, I got my laptop right
Ricky Stebbins: This would be awesome because you could log on to this Google Meet with your laptop as
B: here.
Ricky Stebbins: well and screen share that so we can talk about everything we're working
B: Perfect.
Ricky Stebbins: on.
B: Okay, yeah, I don't know. I tried. Uh I've been trying to talk to her. I don't know how to help. I'm like, if anything, I would need to sit with you in person and have a discussion and look you in the eyes because I can't do this over the phone and internet with her.
 
 
00:18:48
 
B: She
Ricky Stebbins: If you transcribe it for her like we're doing now and then send it to an AI afterwards and like what can I
B: needs
Ricky Stebbins: say to Linda to get her to understand that we're doing this wrong and it'll tell her and she'll be able to read
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: it like I am doing the same thing over and over again and it won't be
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: rude
B: it's not it's definitely not rude. It's just we want her to use your energy in the right way.
Ricky Stebbins: and we don't actually man I don't
B: Uhhuh.
Ricky Stebbins: know I don't think my screen I'm not screen sharing anything so it shouldn't
B: I I swear to God, every time I look for an email, it's never there. Oh my god.
Ricky Stebbins: Nothing is ever where we want anything to be.
B: Like, oh my
Ricky Stebbins: Here we go.
B: god.
Ricky Stebbins: Now I got to find the password.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So,
B: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: hopefully you'll be able to change the password when you sign in. I'm going to send I'm going to type you a password, too, because this is going to give you access to Google Workspace.
 
 
00:20:19
 
Ricky Stebbins: All right, hold on.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So, you can talk.
B: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not
B: All right. I'm trying to send myself an invite to this on my
Ricky Stebbins: uh
B: laptop, which I should have just opened Facebook. Oh god, I'm going to bed. All right, I'm uh should be joining now on my laptop.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no worries. You know, this takes time with people. I don't rush people and like if you have to go to the store and then come back, oh well.
B: Well,
Ricky Stebbins: Like,
B: I hopefully let's
Ricky Stebbins: you know, it's like, oh well, life goes on. All right, so this should work.
B: see.
Ricky Stebbins: And then I'm going to text you this password.
B: Okay,
B: Okay.
B: that's dope.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, and then you'll just have to shut audio off on the laptop like the the volume down and the mute the
B: Yes,
B: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: mute button.
B: for sure.
B: For sure.
B: Okay,
B: Okay.
B: I'm
B: I'm
 
 
00:21:35
 
B: in.
B: in.
B: All right.
B: All right.
B: So, you said
B: So,
B: Google.
Ricky Stebbins: You're still echoing. Let's see.
B: Hold on.
B: Hold on.
B: Let me try.
Ricky Stebbins: I wonder if I think that's better. I muted your laptop.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
B: Oh, maybe that's what it was.
Ricky Stebbins: one of them's all right. I don't know.
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Um, it looks like your cell phone was muted and then your laptop was. It doesn't matter which one. I can hear you through both as long as one's muted and you'll be able to hear
B: Can is it still echoing right now?
B: Can is it still right now?
Ricky Stebbins: that. Yeah, it is. Hold on one second.
B: And it's my phone.
Ricky Stebbins: Hold on. I can uh You got to unmute yourself. Unmute this cell phone. I'll I can mute the laptop. It just Let's see if that sounds totally
B: This is with the cell phone unmuted.
 
 
00:22:37
 
Ricky Stebbins: fine.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And then you'll just have to screen share.
B: Okay. Um on my laptop. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, that's that little arrow button pointing up at the bottom,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: the little square. It's next to the there's a microphone camera,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: then screen share,
B: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: emojis.
B: Here we go. Hopefully this is the right window. Oh, that's
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
B: Google.
Ricky Stebbins: So then now you can type into the Google Workspace. You might not Well, You can close this window when you're typing passwords in. I don't see passwords.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I'll uh I can actually hit don't watch. I closed it.
B: All
Ricky Stebbins: And then I can hit start watching. So you can close that for now.
B: right.
Ricky Stebbins: But uh so this will do accomplish a couple things. We can I can show you how to get your sidebar started. And you don't have to do it all today.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And then I can show you how to use this Google Workspace to do exactly what we're doing right now.
 
 
00:23:46
 
B: All right. Cool.
Ricky Stebbins: And you can do it on your
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: phone
B: Word. All right. And you said you want me to share my screen. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: uh the laptop screen so it's easier for you so I can see what you're doing. So if you have any
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: problems
B: I'm trying to All right. Why won't it let me share the meeting? All right. I don't know. Weird. Okay. Whatever.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know why you
B: All right. I'm here.
Ricky Stebbins: have three. Oh, are you sharing a window on your phone as well?
B: No, I'm on my This is my laptop.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, why you have two windows open or you have I see you on one video and then there's one that's muted
B: Oh, that's so right here, too.
Ricky Stebbins: and because you have there's four windows on my screen,
B: That's my laptop. And then me.
Ricky Stebbins: me and then three of you. Not that it matters, but it's just weird.
 
 
00:24:38
 
B: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know how you're sharing two screens.
B: am I? I don't think you're sharing yet. I don't know. I only see this this in my laptop screen, my Gmail. I think you just signed in twice. Yeah, I'm definitely signed in twice.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, you're signed in twice. Once on your laptop and once on your phone. But I see three windows. I see a brown window that's muted and then uh your camera right now and your screen.
B: Okay. Yeah, this is my laptop.
Ricky Stebbins: So I don't Oh,
B: The the brown screen is me on my
Ricky Stebbins: you know what it is?
B: laptop.
Ricky Stebbins: It's your laptop camera. So, it's not highlighting on top of the See,
B: Yeah. See
Ricky Stebbins: that's why it's weird.
B: now.
Ricky Stebbins: I was just wondering why it was just the camera usually hides when it does that. It usually shrinks when it's sharing a screen.
B: Oh, I'm
Ricky Stebbins: It usually doesn't stay huge. So, I So, I can expand it now.
 
 
00:25:24
 
B: stuck.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. But when you do this, I leave now I've have to leave in my calendar. And this is annoying too. You can't use your personal calendar. You have to use this Becca Ray at Memory Arc calendar
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: and you can set up a recording like all week long that you could just if somebody calls you like, "Hey, you know what? Call me." And you can go into your calendar, open that event, and it'll already start recording and transcribing on your phone.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And then you'll just have to go in and change what it's called.
B: All right. And I have to be signed into the Gmail that you sent me the link on.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, the Becca Ray at memory arc.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Becca-Ray.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And I sent you a password. It should ask you to change it.
B: All right. remember what the f******. Oh my god. I just never know my password for these emails. Like, and I'm not signed in onto this on my email.
 
 
00:26:49
 
B: Sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: You shouldn't need to do anything. You should just be able to use this account, the beccaraymemory.com.
B: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: And it gives you a new Gmail.
B: okay. That Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: It's just brand new.
B: sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: And I sent you a password.
B: So,
Ricky Stebbins: And you well,
B: slow.
Ricky Stebbins: it's not as intuitive as you think it's supposed to be. Like, oh, I can just hook it up to my Gmail.
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You can't.
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: You should be able to, but you
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: can't.
B: All right. Let me see here. So, click the link you sent me.
Ricky Stebbins: The beckermemory.com, you should be able to sign into any Gmail. Like, go to sign into a Gmail account,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: and that's your new email account.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
B: So,
Ricky Stebbins: Even though it doesn't say Gmail, it is a Gmail,
B: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: but it's memory arc now or memory dash arc.
B: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: And you're going to use that for your calendar and and for Google Meets.
 
 
00:27:44
 
B: Sure.
Ricky Stebbins: It you can't use your personal even though it looks exactly the same.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And this is how we're going to we're going to screw the system too. Why are you and I struggling with this? We shouldn't be.
B: Seriously.
Ricky Stebbins: This is 40year-old
B: Yo,
Ricky Stebbins: technology.
B: seriously. My god. What the Becca Ray?
Ricky Stebbins: I put the minus becca minus ray atmemory
B: Yep, I see that.
Ricky Stebbins: d minus ark.com and that's
B: Um
Ricky Stebbins: you sign that's your email address for your email your calendar your Google need.
B: Okay. All right. I got you. I am so sorry. I'm such an idiot this
Ricky Stebbins: No, this is not This should be super easy. I should just have been able to send you,
B: morning.
Ricky Stebbins: hey, this is your new email. Sign into this really quick. We can you should be able to hook it all up. And it took me like 45 minutes to figure out how to bring over my other contacts because it wasn't just letting me bring my contacts over.
 
 
00:29:01
 
B: Oh jeez.
Ricky Stebbins: And then I finally figured that out because it's such a a pain in the neck.
B: Right. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I want to make this
B: Let me I'm going to share this with you so you can see.
Ricky Stebbins: work.
B: I don't know why. Oh, it won't let me. Okay. What the one, two, three. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: That's a dollar sign.
B: Yeah, it will not.
Ricky Stebbins: Is it a capital at the beginning?
B: Yep. I'm putting the capital. One, two, three. And then dollar sign. Let me look at this. Make sure. Yes. Okay. Let me try it on my phone. Um I don't please cuz
Ricky Stebbins: Well, I mean, I can also try it
B: I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: because
B: I feel like it's me this morning. I don't know though.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no. I mean, this is the I've have to I've had to do this with other people because it's not them.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, everyone's like,
B: Oh my god.
 
 
00:30:02
 
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh, it's my fault." Like, are you sure it's your fault?
B: This is uh challenging for real.
Ricky Stebbins: No, you don't have to sign into that's just the email. You should just copy the email address. You can sign into a new Gmail account. Like you go into your Gmail,
B: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: sign into a new Gmail.
B: that's what I'm trying to do.
Ricky Stebbins: Let's see. See,
B: Um and I was trying to show show you it's
Ricky Stebbins: let another account and it won't screen
B: saying Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: share.
B: Yeah. And it won't let me screen share when I'm doing this on my laptop. I don't know because it's a um it's a Chromebook, so it won't let me show you when I'm like maybe.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, there it goes.
B: So,
Ricky Stebbins: Do your phone. All right. Um,
B: can you see my screen when I'm doing this? No.
Ricky Stebbins: yes, I can screen. Yeah, I just something just popped up. Yep.
 
 
00:30:54
 
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no. So, you're you're typing in you got to go to gmail.com.
B: So,
Ricky Stebbins: Copy and paste that up there. Whatever you got, so you don't have to type it again in the bar. But you go to Gmail.
B: I don't know if it's my laptop. All right, let me see. Because it's a Chromebook,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
B: it keeps like bringing me to this page.
Ricky Stebbins: Add another account. Let's
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: see.
B: see it like it it pops something up because I have a Chromebook. So, it brings me to this
Ricky Stebbins: Well, that's fine.
B: screen,
Ricky Stebbins: But I don't know why it won't bring you back to add another account again. It it just reloaded like I I
B: but it should allow me to do this like this.
Ricky Stebbins: see. Yes.
B: Why is it Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know. It should just let you add another account right now
B: exactly. And but I tried it on my phone,
 
 
00:31:40
 
Ricky Stebbins: again.
B: too, and it did not work.
Ricky Stebbins: All right. One second.
B: Hold on. All right, let me go
Ricky Stebbins: opening just a total different uh browser window to add
B: to
Ricky Stebbins: your
B: Let me see if I can do it on Firefox.
Ricky Stebbins: wait for you to do that first because it should ask you to do the Well,
B: Sorry, it's so slow.
Ricky Stebbins: that's how it is. These It shouldn't be slow, but all of these devices are designed to be as slow as the 1980s.
B: Seriously. And this is a Chromebook, so it's terrible. I don't know why I just clicked on that, but okay. Oh my god. Okay. Oh my god, it's so slow.
Ricky Stebbins: And once it's done, you'll be like, "Thank God." And you're going to have to talk somebody else through the same instructions. Like, "Oh my, it took an hour.
B: Okay, have it figured out. Oh my gosh. Okay, let's see if I can do this this way. I hate Firefox, too.
 
 
00:33:07
 
B: Oh my god.
Ricky Stebbins: It's annoying because it doesn't give you all the options and they do that on purpose.
B: No, does it.
Ricky Stebbins: Like using Blogger, it won't let you copy links. Piece of
B: Love
Ricky Stebbins: trash.
B: that. This is correct.
Ricky Stebbins: I can only see your email page.
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what you're looking at.
B: Okay. It will not
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah,
B: b*******.
Ricky Stebbins: you guys. It's It's annoying. You got to pick what screens you're sharing.
B: No. Yeah, it's just because it's a Chromebook. Oh, yeah. Wait, you're right. I gota change it
Ricky Stebbins: I usually like share my entire screen which is annoying
B: laptop.
Ricky Stebbins: but well then you just have to keep moving your camera
B: Oh, I don't care. It's better than this.
Ricky Stebbins: around.
B: Jesus.
Ricky Stebbins: It's like you got to keep flicking the stupid window because it'll block something I want to show people.
B: Right. Yeah. The the meeting. Yeah. Okay. So,
 
 
00:34:11
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes,
B: can you see this?
Ricky Stebbins: I can see everything.
B: Okay, it's uh telling me the password's
Ricky Stebbins: All right, I'm going to try signing in with that same password and see if it's wrong.
B: wrong.
Ricky Stebbins: And it says it's wrong.
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: And I reset the password. All right.
B: that's so crazy.
Ricky Stebbins: You know what?
B: Just wait just for the just wait for the message. You'll probably find out by the end of today.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to send you a new password that it just said it said it autogenerated this. So, you just have to copy or copy and paste it and it should give you I don't hopefully it'll give you an option to to change
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: it but I don't know if not you can just use that one for now and I can keep resetting it if it's a pro a problem.
B: Okay. Um,
Ricky Stebbins: It's on Facebook Messenger.
B: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's annoying because I do this on my computer, too. I have Facebook open on my phone and my computer and it's back and
 
 
00:35:17
 
B: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: forth.
B: It's so much. It's so much.
Ricky Stebbins: And Messenger on the laptop sucks now.
B: Oh my god. I don't know. I can't even scroll up. I'm like so irritated with with technology these
Ricky Stebbins: And it's all on purpose.
B: days.
Ricky Stebbins: It's all intentional. And we're going to prove it and then we're going to take it all back.
B: Yeah. Hell yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Like and people don't realize like,
B: man.
Ricky Stebbins: "Oh, I'm just fighting for my kids." Like,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: no, you don't realize. We're fighting for everything. Some Some mothers have said, "Oh, I got my kids back,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: so I'm done. I can't take it anymore." What happens when they take your kids again,
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: b****? Like, what the f***?
B: Seriously, you know what I'm saying? You ain't lying. You ain't f******
Ricky Stebbins: You ain't safe just cuz you got them back.
B: lying.
Ricky Stebbins: You got lucky.
B: Exactly. Like now you're in your danger, honey.
 
 
00:36:12
 
Ricky Stebbins: People are terrible.
B: Yeah, they
Ricky Stebbins: Thank you. That's why I'm like, "No,
B: are.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want money. I'm just going to keep helping people. I keep helping people,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: teaching people." Like,
B: Well, thank you, Ricky. I appreciate you.
Ricky Stebbins: I appreciate you, too. like sharing stories like other people like we need to share our stories. People think like oh my nobody wants to hear it like I'm asking.
B: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: I wouldn't ask if I didn't want to hear it and I want to I want to have it
B: Like what do you mean exactly? Like
Ricky Stebbins: written down and I want to send it back to you to show you how important it is. Like what are you doing and people don't want to listen.
B: exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, the nice thing about this is too,
B: No.
Ricky Stebbins: like if I need to take my dog outside to go to the bathroom, I can hook my cell phone up to this and I can see the the closed caption while we're talking,
 
 
00:36:55
 
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: so I know everything's still working correctly. So, if you want to talk with a parent and you're like,
B: Awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: I need to go sit in the backyard while we're talking, you can do that. No
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: problem.
B: Okay. Perfect. We love this. Okay. So,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
B: now can you see my screen?
Ricky Stebbins: All right. I was looking at my dog. I wasn't paying attention. So yes, you you logged in.
B: You're okay.
Ricky Stebbins: This is awesome.
B: Okay. Perfect.
Ricky Stebbins: So now when you go log into Google Meet and Google Calendar, this is what's annoying. You have to turn on all these features or they won't automatically work.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: This stupid Google workspace only gives you 300 gigabytes of extra space, but because I hooked you up to that family thing too,
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: you have access to two terabytes. And I only use I think my whole like life story with all the pictures that I love is 10 gigabytes total maybe.
 
 
00:37:53
 
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's all the I think I have a lot of doubles and there's PDFs of trash of court stuff I have doubles of that
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't really need. So once I teach you how to like structure all your files because I have everything
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: year, month, day, and then a little bit of information, then another file,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: another file, and then I have summaries of all this stuff. I have all my medical files which connect it to the court stuff because why is all like why do I have these medical issues that line up with all these court issues?
B: Right. Right. Like that's interesting. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: What is this trying to make you lo? You don't have to log into Workspace. Just log into Google Meet.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even bother with this because it's worthless.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't even know how to use 90% of this and I think it's trash unless you want to start a business.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: But that's on that's on you.
 
 
00:38:47
 
B: No.
Ricky Stebbins: Just I use just I use you have to use Google Drive because that's where they put the transcripts when you're done.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: You use Google Calendar, Google Meet, and then the Gmail, which I don't even really use the Gmail.
B: Okay. Oh, see. I'm going to have to All right.
Ricky Stebbins: And it should now that it's
B: Let me I should be able this now.
Ricky Stebbins: there.
B: Yeah, I should be able to log into this now onto the All right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: It's so annoying how it doesn't just automatically sign in and save your information on your
B: Like,
Ricky Stebbins: devices.
B: am I gonna have to like X this out? Yeah, probably. Look how slow this f****** thing
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, my computer I just bought it last year.
B: is.
Ricky Stebbins: Mine was super fast and it was working super fast with AI and then got super slow.
B: Okay. Mine did too. It was like I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: It's all intentional and it's like,
B: This is weird, but Yeah,
 
 
00:40:10
 
Ricky Stebbins: you know what, whatever. I talked so much s*** about it and I still use
B: like this is this is actually
Ricky Stebbins: it.
B: insane. Okay, now I have to What the All right.
Ricky Stebbins: All right, so go to new meeting.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: This is what I like about the H. They're going to make you learn more.
B: Well, that's cool.
Ricky Stebbins: But go to new meeting,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: the blue one.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Go to the schedule. And this is what makes it awesome. So it's like, oh, I want to talk to Ricky on Monday, whatever. It'll open up your calendar now.
B: Shut
Ricky Stebbins: But there's uh where the little Google Meet thing.
B: up.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, it's I don't know what all this is. I Oh, the the themes. That little gear there to the right of your mouse. Go to the left now.
B: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
B: right here.
Ricky Stebbins: That you can control how you're going to the meetings in the future.
 
 
00:41:11
 
Ricky Stebbins: Go to manage a meeting record right there. Yep. And it turn you got to turn to English on or once you hit the transcript it'll let you do that and it'll automatically start recording.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: You want everything to record because this is how I set up my I put it on 11:15 p.m. So I always know it's there every day. And then I click the bottom one too.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I make sure it's all on. I have English and then record meeting and you have to hit save.
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And that too. I click everything.
B: Oh, yeah. That's awesome. Now, will it I'll have to do this every single
Ricky Stebbins: No, go to the top and then put this on like uh the add the title to the left
B: time.
Ricky Stebbins: there.
B: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know what you want to call it.
B: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Just always ready like something you know like what do you know? This is something you can have on the fly.
 
 
00:42:06
 
Ricky Stebbins: And the problem with this is every time if you make an appointment for Joe Schmo and Jerry Carrey,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: whatever, you have to turn the recording on every time.
B: Did anyone ask you?
Ricky Stebbins: But if you have this ready,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: this this one will automatically start, but it'll have this name as the title. And I'm not sure. I'm going to try to change something while we're talking. I don't know. I don't think it's going to let me. Sometimes it lets you change the names of meetings while you're in them,
B: Got to make it. Don't make a mess.
Ricky Stebbins: but if it can't,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: you'll have to just remember you talked to somebody today at this time. Otherwise, you'll have 10 different meetings. You'll have to go into the notes of each one because when we read this meeting later, it'll say your name as it's displayed on Google Meet or your
B: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: Google information.
B: we're going to
Ricky Stebbins: Mine will say Ricky Stebons.
 
 
00:43:06
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yours will say, right now it just says B,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but and then any audio that comes through different devices, like I use two phones, so they both say Ricky, so you can you always know it's me and it you can never tell the difference in the transcripts. But if I wanted to be funny, I could call in from my phone and have a different name,
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: you know, go walk outside and be like, "Oh, well Ricky stopped talking and some other guy started talking all of a sudden." And the only way you'd know is watching
B: Right. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: the video. So you could have a fake conversation with yourself through
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: transcripts.
B: Oh, that's funny. That's actually really
Ricky Stebbins: But if this is what's nice about this,
B: funny.
Ricky Stebbins: too, is when you have a weird straight conversation, when it you want to transcribe audio where you you illegally recorded somebody or you legally recorded
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: somebody and Google Meet transcribes it for you,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: it won't separate the voices because it can't, but it will separate the time.
 
 
00:44:00
 
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: So you can go through that whole hourong video with a copy and paste of people's names and separate the text for yourself so you can have the transcripts to share with AI because if you're like court transcripts some people don't have
B: Okay, got you.
Ricky Stebbins: the court transcripts but they have audio like oh I went to a meeting and I was allowed to record it but I don't have the transcripts. So, you have to transcribe it yourself, feed it to AI, it'll tell you how these people lied because if you don't understand it, you have to ask somebody else. And people don't understand that.
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to record our conversations,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: not because we're right, but because we don't understand what's going
B: No.
Ricky Stebbins: on.
B: Yeah. Because we can't we're we're not we're looking at one thing at a time.
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm not even looking at one thing at a time.
B: We need we need something to evaluate the entire thing.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm worrying about protecting my kids.
B: Well,
 
 
00:44:51
 
Ricky Stebbins: And I'm not thinking about the problem.
B: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm thinking about protecting them. Like I'm not thinking about really solving it because I'm not focused.
B: Yeah. Right. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Like and people like once we start recording the stories for people because it's like I want to do this
B: I hear that,
Ricky Stebbins: because you're stressed, not because I'm stressed and because I know I'm not going to remember your story if it's not
B: right?
Ricky Stebbins: transcribed.
B: Right. No, no, no
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So you got this open now.
B: b*******.
Ricky Stebbins: So now you can start making meetings. And you should probably practice a couple times because I just I make test meetings.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: practice and then delete them. So when you go into Google Drive,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: there's a recording. I did a a class once, so it popped up with a different folder, but it pops up as is it meeting reports? No, meeting recordings. I do have one called meeting reports, but I don't know what that is.
 
 
00:45:43
 
Ricky Stebbins: And when you save people's names when you make appointments,
B: Oh my god.
Ricky Stebbins: it'll save their name. If you don't, it'll say meeting started and they just give you a date and a time, which is still great as long as you know the time, but it's always military time, too. So, you need to pay attention to that. And it's never perfect. It doesn't say if we started this meeting at 10:45 a.m., it'll say like 10:52 for some reason. It's never perfectly accurate,
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: but it's close enough that I've never had an issue.
B: Okay. All right. Sorry.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no worries.
B: So this
Ricky Stebbins: And then you can put it to repeat every day, every week.
B: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: You you want it to repeat because I want it to repeat every day,
B: sweet.
Ricky Stebbins: all night, like every month. because it's got a lot I put I put it at night so it doesn't interfere with any of my
B: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: other appointments, but it's always able to be activated.
 
 
00:46:46
 
Ricky Stebbins: As soon as you click on it, you can hop into the meeting, which is awesome because it's already it's in your Google Meet, which should be an option anyway. I should always have an option for a a meeting I want to record everything in on the fly.
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And they do this on purpose to be
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: jerks.
B: Okay. All
Ricky Stebbins: And then if you have any problems with this,
B: right.
Ricky Stebbins: like I practice a few times like, "Hey, I want to test this out with your kids because it's fun." And then once you start taking pictures and teaching your kids like, "Dude,
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: we could not only we're going to document crimes, we're going to document the beauty in the world, too. That's going to change everybody's perspective because it's going to remind us of what all these people are robbing us of.
B: Mhm. All right. Okay. So, just this looks okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
B: Okay. And then this down here at the bottom, too. like you said it will create.
 
 
00:47:51
 
Ricky Stebbins: I think I add my own stuff here. like I wrote something for myself,
B: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: but that you're not sending this to anybody.
B: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Uh, so go up for a second. Your screen looks like it's like you expanded it or something. There you go. So, if you add a guest, it'll send them an email invite.
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: So, add yourself.
B: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: Always add yourself, your personal Gmail to all of this. So, if you ever need to walk away from your laptop, you can turn your cell phone on.
B: All right. Yeah, for real.
Ricky Stebbins: So I always have like and you'll do this in your contacts.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: You'll add yourself as a contact and once we get you know this might take you a couple days you know it's not going to be something like I forgot how to do this and totally fine but I
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: I add myself now to all my meetings because it's stupid. I'm like why do I have to have this dumb memory arc?
 
 
00:48:39
 
Ricky Stebbins: Why can't I just use my Gmail account? And then I called and complained to Google. I'm like, "Oh, well,
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: you know, it was free, but now we have to start charging." Like, "Well, why can't you charge on my personal account? What the f***?
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, we have to be a bunch of b******." And it's only people
B: Exactly. Okay. So,
Ricky Stebbins: in India. Like, where's the American people? I I'm not talking to anybody in India anymore.
B: I know I'm I'm
Ricky Stebbins: I'm getting f****** sick of this. Like, I'm going to sue them. f*** you. You said me to disrespectful c****.
B: Seriously, they're so they're so bad. That's what happened with my cell phone. People don't understand. They're like, "Why can't we get you on the phone?" I'm like, "Because I have f****** metro PCS and every time I try to f****** activate my phone and talk to somebody, they're in f****** um East Cuddy." And they don't they don't care.
 
 
00:49:23
 
B: I'm not transferring you to a manager, a supervisor. You are rude. I'm like, I'm not f****** rude. But anyway,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I swear like a trucker.
B: I know.
Ricky Stebbins: Like your company treats me like f****** trash and you allow it.
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: And then they can't just hang.
B: Yeah. I don't care.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, I know it's not your fault, but your company treats me like I'm f******
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: stupid as hell and then they don't know what to say
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: then.
B: Right. Exactly. Nothing to say. Okay. I don't know what how I did that, but okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And you can change it and fix it.
B: I already
Ricky Stebbins: you need to adjust it and then you can it'll send you a new email to yourself knowing that you you fixed
B: did.
Ricky Stebbins: it cuz yours looks like it's every other day. You don't have it set every day,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: which is fine as long as you can find it and activate it when you need it.
 
 
00:50:11
 
B: Okay. Yeah, I put every three so I could I could schedule it for every day and
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah, I put it every day because I want to find it.
B: it's
Ricky Stebbins: If my stupid calendar flicks to the day, I want to find it or flicks to the week.
B: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I just want to be able to click on it,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: activate my meeting, and get into it like, oh,
B: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: or go into the Google Meet page because sometimes if it doesn't pop up every page,
B: you can.
Ricky Stebbins: it might not pop up on your Google Meet page. So,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I have mine every day.
B: Oh, and you can make it a zoom as
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know how to change it from Zoom to Google Meet and I don't want to because I pay
B: well.
Ricky Stebbins: for Google Meet and well I pay for I pay for Google
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: AI Pro and I pay for Google Workspace. They're two different things. It's like 30 bucks though.
 
 
00:50:58
 
B: Oh wow.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not it's 20 for one and then an extra 10 or something or 12 for the other add-on.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: But you can't record transcripts with the Google AI Pro. You can only record it with Google Workspace.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And I wanted more personal space for my personal email. Like, well, I wanted it for pictures, I thought, which I don't even need that much space, which are just they're just full of s***.
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I just need 10 gigabytes and that's pictures. And my life is like, man, maybe it's like 500 megabytes of text.
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: That's a lot of text. That's all my AI conversations, too. A year's worth.
B: right.
Ricky Stebbins: But I have mine to every single day.
B: I see.
Ricky Stebbins: So it when you go to the Google Meet window, you'll see your appointment for today. Like any appointment you have today will pop up today, but it won't pop up for tomorrow. That's why I have it every
B: Okay.
 
 
00:51:53
 
Ricky Stebbins: day.
B: All right. Cool.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. See, I have mine weekly on all days and then I just have the time at 11:45 p.m. to 12:45 a.m. But it can last as long as you want. I got myself as a guest, so it'll pop up on my cell phone. But you, this is the problem with this. You got to log in with the stupid memory arc login. You can't log in with your personal account,
B: Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: otherwise it doesn't start recording.
B: Okay, I'm in here as as
Ricky Stebbins: As long as you're recording with as long as you're logged into Google Meet with Becca Ray at
B: that.
Ricky Stebbins: Memory Arc, you can record the transcripts and you have unlimited like recording time. I've recorded for like almost four hours of video and transcripts talking
B: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: with now.
B: so it's recording automatically when I log in.
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
B: All right.
Ricky Stebbins: So if you start a Google Meet on your own,
B: Sweet.
Ricky Stebbins: it will not automatically start logging.
 
 
00:53:16
 
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You have to go to the tools at the bottom right corner,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: those three dot or the like eight dots or nine dots, and then turn it on,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: which is annoying because it should like have a automatic button. Like I want a saved settings that it doesn't have.
B: Yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Like we have the greatest technology on earth and it doesn't have a saved settings
B: It doesn't. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: button.
B: It's It's definitely definitely very interesting to say the least on that. Okay, this is
Ricky Stebbins: And I've had to log out of meetings because it's accidentally logged me into my personal Gmail and I tried to
B: awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: record it and I'm like, I'm sorry people, but I gotta call you back because this is not, you know, you're gonna waste your time talking to me and it only takes a minute,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but it's annoying and pisses me off.
B: Yeah. No big time. Okay. So, I'll have to be careful of that. Thank you for that.
 
 
00:54:01
 
Ricky Stebbins: I changed the pictures for I don't know if you can change your picture for the or I don't
B: for this one.
Ricky Stebbins: know if I put a picture for your memory arc to let you or if
B: Oh, okay. Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I have to like you send me a picture through Facebook Messenger. It's stupid. I was talking to G was it Gemini or maybe it was Claude about this like why don't they let users have more control?
B: just
Ricky Stebbins: They're like, "Oh, no. They want companies to be able to have control of everybody's devices." And like, "f*** that.
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not No, I don't want that.
B: Yeah, it's ridiculous. This is gross. But what are you going to
Ricky Stebbins: Oh,
B: do?
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to complain like a f****** a******.
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm never going to stop bitching and f******
B: man.
Ricky Stebbins: moaning. These people make me absolutely f****** sick. They're disgusting." So, see,
B: No,
Ricky Stebbins: that's awesome. So, you got the discussion there.
 
 
00:54:50
 
B: me too.
Ricky Stebbins: That was your Google Meet uh was open. So you can as long as that's every day,
B: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: you can click into that anytime you want to start it and and I would
B: Oh, that's dope.
Ricky Stebbins: test it just to make sure you talk to yourself.
B: I don't know
Ricky Stebbins: Hey, I want to see if this is working. And you should be able to see if you can change the name.
B: how.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know why I thought I should I was able to change the name of my meetings, but maybe I can't.
B: Oh, you you can change my picture. It says your profile picture is managed by your organization.
Ricky Stebbins: That's so stupid.
B: I mean, you can pick whatever you want for me,
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, no. But I bet you should be able to do that.
B: but but yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: Like I should be able to release all these controls and I don't know.
B: right. It's goofy.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know how to do that.
 
 
00:55:37
 
Ricky Stebbins: And I f with it. I'm like, you know what? I'm not going to
B: Weird.
Ricky Stebbins: even
B: Okay, that's interesting. Okay, cool.
Ricky Stebbins: Could
B: All right. Okay, cool. So,
Ricky Stebbins: did you get to change your password once you logged in? Okay.
B: yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
B: I changed it.
Ricky Stebbins: Because it said you could, but I don't see where it's allowing me to change your stupid
B: I know,
Ricky Stebbins: picture.
B: right? What the hell? That's so goofy. This s*** is goofy for real,
Ricky Stebbins: Like like this is like dirt bags.
B: right? Linda's getting into fights with people in these chats.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my god. You know the problem is because she's just getting frustrated because she doesn't know what to
B: No.
Ricky Stebbins: do.
B: Yeah, but she won't listen to anybody neither.
Ricky Stebbins: And her husband has a crazy story that he should share and I didn't get to record it because they had control of the meeting.
B: You're
Ricky Stebbins: So it's like, man,
 
 
00:56:36
 
B: right.
Ricky Stebbins: I I want certain people to just not be in charge anymore. I'm like, I get that you started the room, but and it's hard,
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: too. Like, I get like working with Ellis, but I want people's stories, and he's big on not getting people to tell their stories. Like, dude, that's the most important part.
B: Right. No
Ricky Stebbins: You leave out important details that lawyers said to people or judges did just because
B: kidding.
Ricky Stebbins: nobody knows that it happened. And we
B: Yes, precisely. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: lose.
B: No, I have a bunch of people. That's why today I'm going to try this out today. Like as soon as we're done. Um, I'm going to run to the store with my sister and then I have a bunch of people lined up to talk to today. So, I'm going to maybe you can join. I don't know if they they'll be comfortable yet cuz you know it's like I don't know. Massachusetts people are so scared. Do you find that too,
 
 
00:57:36
 
Ricky Stebbins: Tell these people like this guy put his life story online,
B: Ricky?
Ricky Stebbins: put his court documents online with his medical records and told his lawyers to go f*** themselves and won his case by being a raging f****** a******. Sticking up for people, not even sticking up for himself. sticking up for the person that accused him of assaulting him.
B: I love it.
Ricky Stebbins: Like a girl accused me of assaulting her.
B: You're the bomb.
Ricky Stebbins: Good. I'm glad she did that because you f***** with her and you kept f****** with her and I'm sick of you f******
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: with her. Tell these parents, "Hey, you want someone to stand in front of you and tell the world to cut the f****** s***?" I will.
B: right. Me, too. I'm like, I just need you to have some balls first.
Ricky Stebbins: No, you don't need to have some balls.
B: A little.
Ricky Stebbins: You just need to stand by my side and say,
B: No.
Ricky Stebbins: "I'm f****** scared and these f****** assholes don't listen to me." You don't need to have the balls.
 
 
00:58:19
 
B: Well, yes, but I need the info.
Ricky Stebbins: You know what?
B: I can't even get people to
Ricky Stebbins: Once we start recording that stuff, like,
B: talk.
Ricky Stebbins: hey, this is my story. They start leaking a little. They tell a little bit. They tell a little bit. But if we don't record anything, we have nothing to work
B: Yeah. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: on.
B: And I can't I I have notebooks full of people's information, so I can't do that anymore.
Ricky Stebbins: I can't do that.
B: I cannot.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm not doing that. For what? And then what do I do with it once I have it in a notebook?
B: That's why I've like take pictures and upload it to
Ricky Stebbins: I can't.
B: AI, which is like this is nonsense.
Ricky Stebbins: And you got to put it in folders.
B: Like,
Ricky Stebbins: Like I don't know how your laptop I'm going to screen share my stuff real
B: well,
Ricky Stebbins: quick.
B: I have an iPad coming, so I I'm going to be
 
 
00:58:56
 
Ricky Stebbins: I don't I don't know what the best is.
B: like I don't know
Ricky Stebbins: But either way, I'm going to show you how I organize my memory arc.
B: either. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Can you see I have this is my I have a a a starter
B: Yep, I can see.
Ricky Stebbins: kit because this is how actually you know what I can I always do this.
B: Hold on. Let me put
Ricky Stebbins: I hate this. I wish there was a display setting that just let me shrink it real quick so that people like,
B: No kidding. I
Ricky Stebbins: "All right, I'm on a meet." So,
B: know.
Ricky Stebbins: so you see how I have just folders. I have my life story and it's set up by year. So, if you go in,
B: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: you can find pictures and you don't need that.
B: Jesus.
Ricky Stebbins: But then you have a I have a summary. The summary is what gets everybody. So, if I go into my legal, I have my legal stuff by year.
 
 
00:59:42
 
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I got assaulted last year, so I only picked that assault. But then you have a PDF that proves that you have a police report existed in the first place because nobody has all this
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: stuff. And then Yeah.
B: I don't have it set up like you. Mine is just like it's all in East f****** cuddy everywhere.
Ricky Stebbins: And this is why we have to teach people. We have to I want to start classes so people can do this. I know it's boring, but we can put some music on and talk while you're doing it.
B: No. Yeah, we need to do this.
Ricky Stebbins: And then I have all of my files. This one I did cuz it's stupid.
B: Um.
Ricky Stebbins: I put it in a Word doc because I'm going to try to teach people to use Google Drive for free to do it on their phones and stuff. But this is a copy of that police report in text so AI can read
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
B: Right.
 
 
01:00:27
 
B: Right. Right. Because they the documents they can't always
Ricky Stebbins: But then I didn't I I did this on purpose like ah where's my summary? I purposely didn't write a summary but I do have one somewhere else.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: But who the hell cares that you have a police report?
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And who the hell cares that you have pictures of it? Like if you don't have a story of what you're what what really happened, you know, and after the fact you told the police this,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but you know, you were scared when you talked to the police, what happened after there's no,
B: Right. What really
Ricky Stebbins: you know, and what happened when you went to court. Nothing in my story here tells you what happened with the court stuff.
B: happened?
Ricky Stebbins: And people leave that like that's right. You have to tell me like, oh, I had court a month after and then what what' they say? And the fact that they tell you nothing is important.
B: Right.
 
 
01:01:15
 
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, they just told me, "Oh, we're going to put it off until next time,
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: pre-trial, and they gave you no information." That is important that they gave you no information. And people don't get that.
B: Yeah. No, it is it is these things are what and that's important because that's what AI will pick
Ricky Stebbins: I'm gonna And I want to start teaching classes about what I just showed you there. We need to do this. You need to do this.
B: up.
Ricky Stebbins: You said that this DCF paperwork is important. Well, then you need to go to the library or take your cell phone right now. Take some pictures. Turn it into a PDF because I found the free apps. And if you can't do it, well, go to the library and scan it at the library. Turn it into a PDF. And then you we're going to teach you how to make it machine readable. So, you have both. Store it on Google Drive.
 
 
01:01:56
 
Ricky Stebbins: And it's all going to be everyone's going to be organizing everything the same.
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: You're going to have a legal file by year and then whatever issue is whatever issue. But it always happened a certain year. It always happened a certain month.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: And people will finally get
B: All right. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna work on that, too, because like you see my stuff.
Ricky Stebbins: it.
B: Uh, look it. It's a mess. I don't even know where to stop, but I'm going to have to.
Ricky Stebbins: But everybody's stuff's a mess.
B: So,
Ricky Stebbins: And the greatest part about this is we don't need it all. There's specific stuff. If I talk to AI about this, nobody cares about 90% of our story. We need the names of the people involved.
B: no,
Ricky Stebbins: We need to start with the names.
B: they don't.
Ricky Stebbins: Who are these judges and DCF workers? We get those lined up.
B: Yeah. All
Ricky Stebbins: And then what year did all this happen?
 
 
01:02:49
 
Ricky Stebbins: All right. So, and then because they're going to be moving from positions when these people get fired or caught breaking the
B: right.
Ricky Stebbins: law.
B: Yeah. And a lot of them
Ricky Stebbins: And what did these people promise us?
B: leave.
Ricky Stebbins: What did they promise you? And then, oh well, I fought for you and then I got in trouble. That's b*******. That's a lie. It's just part of the game. It's part of the act.
B: Yeah, it definitely is. Nobody has ever
Ricky Stebbins: Why are we barely getting by? Oh, I got my kids back, but they're all f***** up. That's not like that's not a win,
B: All f***** up. All f***** up.
Ricky Stebbins: people. That's a that's a
B: No.
Ricky Stebbins: loss.
B: And I think a lot of people abandon the cause when they get their kids back, too. And they just, "Oh, I got my kids." Like, "No, I'm going to teach my kids to be a part of this now." Okay.
 
 
01:03:31
 
Ricky Stebbins: I'm going to teach my kids to write. I love writing about this.
B: Teach my kids to Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I love writing about how I feel.
B: Well, we have some kids, too, who want to talk.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to teach them and be patient with them.
B: So,
Ricky Stebbins: I teach I taught a guy in Hawaii who he speaks, you know, he speaks really good English, I think, but he thinks he, you know, he doesn't and he doesn't understand this that well, but it doesn't matter because it,
B: And he doesn't.
Ricky Stebbins: you know, we got through it in a couple hours.
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: And once these kids learn it,
B: exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: they'll be able to teach other kids because they learn way faster than we do anyway.
B: Well, yeah. And they're going to they're going to be all in the technology, so it's going to be awesome.
Ricky Stebbins: And this isn't hard, but we're overwhelmed and it's boring and we need to just start doing it right away. Not the fact that we have to go back and do this over again is what is like holding everybody
 
 
01:04:14
 
B: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: up. You're just reliving your trauma every time you look at this paperwork and read it and read it and it's like Jesus
B: Mhm. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Christ.
B: No, no, I know. That's right. It is. It is way too much for me. That's why sometimes I have to take a break because
Ricky Stebbins: I walk away from this all the time and then I come back and I start doing more and then I walk away and I come back and it's hard because there's no group of people.
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: If we had like a command center or community center to go sit on and work
B: that's what I was like I wanted to like find something because I'm like even if we could just meet at the library,
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
B: we're allowed to have like a we can reserve rooms and we can use their Wi-Fi and we can just chill in there and connect, you know? And I think people need that too. I think we need that.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's what I want.
 
 
01:05:03
 
Ricky Stebbins: And that's not what the city has designed. Like the state has designed to keep us all broken up.
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I tried to find people in Springfield and then Becky,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: she's barely holding it together and her father's sick
B: I know. Yeah. I know. I know.
Ricky Stebbins: and
B: Yes. It is extremely hard. I was just trying to get people like in Boston to come and meet me at the library and I'm like, I don't even know how to do this. First of all, I don't know where you guys are going to park. I don't know how you going to get
Ricky Stebbins: I don't have a car. I take the bus everywhere. I'm like,
B: like
Ricky Stebbins: if I didn't have my dog, I would do more. But I love my dog. I want to bring her with me. I'll just work at home.
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: f***
B: Yeah. No,
Ricky Stebbins: it.
B: I hear you. I'm like, this is going to have to do.
 
 
01:05:45
 
B: Eventually, we'll have to get together, but you
Ricky Stebbins: Oh my god. Yes. Cuz I'm like,
B: know.
Ricky Stebbins: I can take the train out there. I help my disabled buddies. One of them's in the hospital now in Brockton and they're just letting them rot.
B: Oh, wow.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, I'm going to f***
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: you people.
B: that's what they do. Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: And nobody talks about it. It's like, we all know they do this,
B: seriously.
Ricky Stebbins: so why aren't we documenting it people? And people like, "What do you mean documenting it?" Like, "I'm gonna teach you because we're not doing it." Well,
B: Yeah, this is awesome. This is what needs to happen and a lot of people are are getting it now, I think.
Ricky Stebbins: I like to give people s***. I'm going to give you s***
B: And that's what
Ricky Stebbins: because once I tell you, you know, if you don't do something now,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: that's on you. Because this is easy.
 
 
01:06:28
 
Ricky Stebbins: It's boring. But if we had 50 people helping one person at a time, it would take us five minutes to scan their s***, get it machine ready, and they could be telling their story and done. But if you're working on your paperwork by yourself,
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: it's a f****** nightmare. So,
B: Yeah, it is.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't blame you for not being done.
B: It
Ricky Stebbins: It took me like a f******
B: is.
Ricky Stebbins: year, and even then, I'm not happy with how mine all turned out. But mine is so close to being perfect that it's like I want to wait for other people.
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, I want to do this as a team. I don't want to be like, "Hey, look, all this amazing stuff I have that, you know, I'm going to show you how I did this and how I can improve it because what what if you have some better
B: Yeah, absolutely.
Ricky Stebbins: ideas I can just incorporate into this right away?
B: Exactly. We can Well,
Ricky Stebbins: Mine's ready to be changed."
 
 
01:07:11
 
B: I I I m I have been messing with the blogger a little bit on one of my
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah.
B: other sites and I realized that it there is um I don't know why.
Ricky Stebbins: I think I have seven bloggers
B: Hold on. I realize that there's so I know,
Ricky Stebbins: now, but I have a legal page,
B: right?
Ricky Stebbins: a medical page, my personal page, then I have the memory arc page, and now I have a survivors of the system page because I want to keep that separate because I don't want kids seeing the memory arc and then being super traumatized by
B: Right. Right. Seriously? No,
Ricky Stebbins: like,
B: I know it.
Ricky Stebbins: oh man.
B: I think this is the one.
Ricky Stebbins: But I still want it all connected because it's all important because kids have been abused and they shouldn't feel like they they can't talk
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: about it. Even though I don't want to talk about it,
B: No.
Ricky Stebbins: but I will. But it's like gh hearing all these horror stories like makes I I haven't cried this much as an adult
 
 
01:08:05
 
B: Absolutely
Ricky Stebbins: like ever. Or I don't like hearing these stories is heartbreaking.
B: right.
Ricky Stebbins: It's all kids and kids and and psycho
B: Mhm. Totally. I'm
Ricky Stebbins: adults.
B: like
Ricky Stebbins: Dude, what's wrong with all these adults and all these mental health issues and nobody's addressing them and nobody notices there's a problem?
B: like I mean like how could they not? These people are all educated. I mean, that's when it becomes a scandal because how the f*** are you not? How do you not?
Ricky Stebbins: They're
B: How did you go to school for 1,200 f****** years and don't have a goddamn idea about anything? They think people who are f****** traumatized are f******
Ricky Stebbins: scumbags.
B: aggressive. It's like, no, you're going to make me aggressive. That's how that, you know, they're f****** playing. It's a f****** scop, man. Oh s***, wrong one again. f******.
Ricky Stebbins: And this is great because I'm not aggressive.
B: Um,
Ricky Stebbins: Like what you're saying is just offensive and you're a disgusting person.
B: yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I'm responding this way.
 
 
01:09:02
 
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm responding naturally to something disgusting.
B: Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: And then I laugh and people get so mad when you smile when you talk about
B: Exactly. Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: how disgusting somebody is. Like you know you're a piece of s***, right?
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: We're not pretending like this isn't a problem here,
B: Really? Like,
Ricky Stebbins: are
B: no. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: we?
B: You tell me when you're ready to go. Whenever you're ready. I got to put clothes on still. Okay. Yeah. Um I'm just trying to show you. Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I think you close the screen.
B: I think it was this one.
Ricky Stebbins: I only see
B: I'm such a goof. Like what the f***? I can't find what I'm looking for anyway.
Ricky Stebbins: That's okay. I only see the brown laptop video and then I see you and then I don't see nothing.
B: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: Here's I don't know what you closed out the cell phone or the screen. The laptop
B: this the laptop.
 
 
01:09:50
 
B: But I was just trying to show you how I made one of my
Ricky Stebbins: screen.
B: bloggers. But look, there's nothing here. Like,
Ricky Stebbins: Let's see.
B: what do you mean there is nothing here? But maybe it's on one of these.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh, go to the top arrow down.
B: Hold I think it's
Ricky Stebbins: There's a top right there's a name. Did you make a second blog?
B: okay. Yeah. Like which the problem is it's like 600 emails.
Ricky Stebbins: Oh. Oh. Oh, man. That's what you did. See,
B: So
Ricky Stebbins: I have seven blogs attached to the same email address.
B: yeah. No, see I was starting on one and then I don't know.
Ricky Stebbins: So, you know what you should do, right? You need to combine those.
B: Huh.
Ricky Stebbins: You need to copy and paste the stuff from the other one to your new one. And you can do that on the laptop really easy. But you have to have both the accounts open in different windows at the same time.
 
 
01:10:48
 
Ricky Stebbins: And you need to make a second blog.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: That's what you have to have a second blog. I don't know which account you want to use for your main your main one. And then you close that window again, too. So, not that it matters.
B: Jesus.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't know why it closes like that.
B: Did I What the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: But this is
B: Whatever. Let's do this because this is ghetto
Ricky Stebbins: why I want to start classes cuz like I don't mind working for hours with somebody just sitting here talking cuz I
B: now.
Ricky Stebbins: know what to do to fix your problems but it doesn't take five seconds. It takes you need like 10 15 minutes so your computer can
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: load.
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: So yes,
B: Oh s***.
Ricky Stebbins: at that top right or top right,
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: the top left corner,
B: How long the email?
Ricky Stebbins: you have to make a new blog.
B: Okay. She's been really sick.
Ricky Stebbins: And the problem is you can't use the same name as the other blog anymore.
 
 
01:11:38
 
B: He's all alive. Okay. All right.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't like having 10 different You You can use all these different emails.
B: my f****** blogger in it and I can't. Hello.
Ricky Stebbins: It's not the Becker. I don't know.
B: I'm okay.
Ricky Stebbins: That's funny.
B: How are you? Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: I don't It doesn't tell me which one
B: hold on. Hello. I'm irritated as f*** about
Ricky Stebbins: has yours. It doesn't say who it's connected to.
B: this.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't think on your email.
B: That's f***** up. Oh, this is it.
Ricky Stebbins: But that's not that's the new one you want cuz you have the other one a Tormund one like the
B: It's weird. It's No,
Ricky Stebbins: one that was a salt page.
B: I mean Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: That's the one I
B: No, that's the real one.
Ricky Stebbins: have.
B: But this one is like I'm just like using it to do different things. Like you see how it's become like a web page and like I made like an AI thing down
 
 
01:12:35
 
Ricky Stebbins: Yes.
B: here so people can AI chat me. So it's kind of cool.
Ricky Stebbins: We need to talk about stuff like this because you might be able if you could you might be able to improve what I already
B: But I was Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: have going with your stuff,
B: Because I want to connect it.
Ricky Stebbins: but until we
B: You see how I have here like probate tracker, submit a story,
Ricky Stebbins: So,
B: whatever.
Ricky Stebbins: I've done the simpler version of what you're doing for other people that are just like basic,
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but you can like totally make yours super impressive once you start doing a couple different things to add to
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: this.
B: because I want to have like my goal is to have like a case tracker where people like we know where everyone is in in their process and we can keep like you know what I mean
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I know exactly what you mean. And there's another mother I'm talking to now talking about something like this.
B: like
Ricky Stebbins: And it's funny because this guy's trying to charge like $4.99 a month for something like this.
 
 
01:13:30
 
B: get the f***
Ricky Stebbins: How am I going
B: out of here. See I can make bank on this but I don't care.
Ricky Stebbins: to
B: I don't that's not even f****** part of my f****** framework. I don't even think about that. I'm like, "No, let's get this s*** popping. I don't want to make people
Ricky Stebbins: all these people want to charge charge? Like I feel bad.
B: uncomfortable.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I don't mean to like put Ellis down, but Ellis is always talking about charging people. Like no.
B: It's like I get it because like it's a lot of time and effort, but it's also like passion over f****** you know, you already you already have a job, Ellis.
Ricky Stebbins: Hey,
B: Like, we're all struggling.
Ricky Stebbins: but did you do $500 worth of work for the these
B: Nobody has money." No,
Ricky Stebbins: people?
B: you put it into AI and you allowed AI to do it.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, I don't think anything you did is worth $500. I'm sorry. Even charging people 50 bucks.
 
 
01:14:10
 
Ricky Stebbins: Like, no.
B: No.
Ricky Stebbins: I came into all these groups to help people for free.
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: And I did get some free earbuds.
B: Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: This guy Ronald from Hawaii mailed me earbuds and this webcam I'm using right now. Because he was like, "Oh, I really want to buy something for you.
B: That's
Ricky Stebbins: Like, I really want to help you." I'm like,
B: dope.
Ricky Stebbins: "I don't want anything." thing and then he seemed to get offended like like sad. So I'm like you can mail me something but don't I don't want any money. So, I really appreciate this,
B: Right. Well,
Ricky Stebbins: you know,
B: that's Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: but I don't
B: and see like yeah no who who you know we're not trying to take from people who have
Ricky Stebbins: All
B: already been traumatized but a lot of people who are really thankful like that do want to give like I've had Becky even told me I'll pay
Ricky Stebbins: No,
B: you I'm like no Becky
Ricky Stebbins: I don't want your money.
 
 
01:14:48
 
B: no
Ricky Stebbins: Pay me by teaching somebody else or pay me by sending me more people who I can collect their stories because that's all that's important because if not like it's
B: show up when we need you if you can
Ricky Stebbins: not like what are you really doing? You're not helping me by getting your kids back and disappearing and not sharing like oh my god it's
B: Yep. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: so much better. But you can so when you have two windows open like I like to split mine so it's easier half and half.
B: Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: You have one account on one side, one account in the other, and then you go to edit them. You can copy and paste all of your pictures and text from one into the other,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: and it'll copy and paste perfectly, even though they're different
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: accounts.
B: All right. Perfect. I have figured out a few things like Okay, this is the one I believe that you have
Ricky Stebbins: And then two, you need to make an index page that always comes back to the same page when they type in your
 
 
01:15:35
 
B: my
Ricky Stebbins: your account, whichever you want your main page to be because you can make a new main page. You don't need to have your assault page be your page.
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Even though I did mine funny,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I put the Chronicles of Ricky because I thought I was gonna write like my life story out on here and then it turned into a bigger project because once you start writing and adding stuff and realizing you can add
B: That's cool though.
Ricky Stebbins: anything you want about anything.
B: Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: I have stories that I write with AI.
B: exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: I have all my unedited AI conversations which I need you to start doing that too.
B: Okay. Yeah,
Ricky Stebbins: we need to document you and you can change the names of all these AI
B: that I can do.
Ricky Stebbins: threads, but when we're using Gemini and it fails us and doesn't do a great job helping us document
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: abuse, that's huge for our case and nobody realizes that.
B: Right.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, we need to use these and prove that they could have helped us and
 
 
01:16:39
 
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: didn't.
B: The willful blindness because these are violations of the of the penal code and those I love to say that word. I want I want I want them all.
Ricky Stebbins: People don't understand how bad like all of these mega corporations, this laptop I'm using right now, I paid I don't know how much it was for this HP laptop to help disabled people and it's f****** me and preventing me from helping disabled people,
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: but I could play video games and it could help me make money,
B: Right. Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: but it it won't help me help them.
B: yeah. Right.
Ricky Stebbins: And that's a crime.
B: Got to get You got to love that. You know, it definitely is a crime. This is a
Ricky Stebbins: And I've documented how all of these devices could help disabled people,
B: crime.
Ricky Stebbins: which means they could help kids, too, that are being abused. And they're not. These phones are listening to us talk about kids being abused and not helping them.
B: Mhm. Yeah.
 
 
01:17:23
 
Ricky Stebbins: Listening to kids scream for help and not helping them.
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: Like,
B: Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: dude, that's f******
B: Yep.
Ricky Stebbins: horrifying.
B: Absolutely. Okay. All right. I'm going to run. Do you think there's anything else you absolutely need to tell me? But I'm going to come back.
Ricky Stebbins: No, I don't care if you your blogger is set up and perfect.
B: I'm going to be back in like 40 minutes.
Ricky Stebbins: All I honestly care about is you learn how to transcribe all these conversations and then learn how to like send them to people to I want you just to ask these AI like, "Oh, I want you to read this transcription now because it saves notes and it saves a transcription." So, we have to go in copy the transcription into a text document and then feed it to
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: AI. And I'll show you how to it.
B: So, it comes as a PDF.
Ricky Stebbins: It pops up as a Google doc, but it's layered for some reason.
B: Oh, okay.
Ricky Stebbins: It doesn't pop up as two Google Docs.
 
 
01:18:16
 
Ricky Stebbins: It cop when you open it, you'll see it gives you two options.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm like, what the hell is this? But we could talk about it because this is why I want to start a class.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: Like I want people to have time to ask questions and poke around and like, well, I don't understand. Why isn't this working?
B: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: Because sometimes it's not perfect.
B: Well, I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna talk to I have three or four ladies to talk to today. So, I'm going to do this. I'm going to try and hit the ground running here. Um, is it okay if I text you as I go and say okay because
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. Because that's what makes it work. And then you could call me in for a minute. Make sure it works.
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: You have to make sure you're in the right account because you'll have to log out.
B: Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: You'll see in the top corner.
B: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: As long as you're in the right account,
 
 
01:18:54
 
B: And now Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: it'll work.
B: Okay. Perfect. I'll make sure of that. And it automatically starts recording if I'm in that account.
Ricky Stebbins: No,
B: Correct.
Ricky Stebbins: only if you open up that calendar or you have that me Google Meet.
B: No.
Ricky Stebbins: That's why I have that Google I if you go into Google Meet,
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: you'll have the one that's saved that every night. I don't have it open now. I can't do it because I'm in a Google Meet.
B: Okay. Let me get into the right account here.
Ricky Stebbins: So, if you open up like a new Google Meet and it'll have your calendar. I don't know if it'll let us do it because we're in a meeting.
B: It did. It did. Let me join this. So, if I pop in
Ricky Stebbins: So you see it right there. Yes. As long as that's the right meeting that has the right settings.
B: here.
Ricky Stebbins: If you start a new meeting, it won't you'll have to turn everything on.
 
 
01:19:39
 
B: Got you. Okay. But once I'm
Ricky Stebbins: Yes. So you'll see the recording.
B: in
Ricky Stebbins: It should tell you at the top and it should warn people they're being recorded and transcribed. This isn't like a sneaky thing.
B: Yes.
Ricky Stebbins: It should get a warning.
B: It didn't give me a warning the first time I popped in, but I know that on other screens it likely pops up.
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
B: But I can join like I'll join from my cell phone to
Ricky Stebbins: Yes, I'd like to I'd like to do two devices,
B: see
Ricky Stebbins: especially to test this at first because once you teach other people how to do it, too, because you're going to want they're going to need people to be patient with them because it's not going to be super easy. Different devices respond differently.
B: Right. Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: And any trouble, I'm around all day because I would rather talk to you again for another 20 minutes to make sure you can record these other
B: Your systems.
Ricky Stebbins: people's conversations better.
 
 
01:20:22
 
B: Oh.
Ricky Stebbins: And test it with your sister,
B: Okay. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: your cousin.
B: Look.
Ricky Stebbins: test it with her because you guys would be it'd be perfect for brainstorming like with someone that doesn't know what
B: Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: we're talking about.
B: Okay. Perfect. It does say recording and transcribing.
Ricky Stebbins: Awesome.
B: Okay. Sweet
Ricky Stebbins: And once you close it, it'll just open up a new one with the same.
B: woman.
Ricky Stebbins: You'll just have to watch out. And I don't know why it won't let me change the name right now, but I was able to change the name of a meeting while I was in it the other day and it saved it as a
B: Oh,
Ricky Stebbins: different person.
B: okay.
Ricky Stebbins: So,
B: Okay. Okay. All right. This is awesome. I feel I feel awesome about this. This is going to be so freaking helpful. Thank you,
Ricky Stebbins: oh man,
B: Ricky.
Ricky Stebbins: it's going to be so helpful once you start doing. I'm going to be so grateful once this starts like taking
 
 
01:21:10
 
B: Yes,
Ricky Stebbins: off.
B: it's No, this is it right here. This is time for motion, man. What the f***?
Ricky Stebbins: This is our time.
B: My inbox is people who want to talk and I'm like,
Ricky Stebbins: And you're not going to have to do the work.
B: I've been overwhelmed that part.
Ricky Stebbins: You're going to teach people to do the work themselves.
B: Okay,
Ricky Stebbins: We're teaching. We're not doing the work.
B: great.
Ricky Stebbins: We're teaching and helping people do the work. I'll help you do the work, but I'm not doing it all for you anymore.
B: Yeah. No, I can't do that.
Ricky Stebbins: That's too much.
B: I cannot. My load is too heavy already.
Ricky Stebbins: Yeah. But we can help help.
B: So awesome. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: All right.
B: So,
Ricky Stebbins: I'm just around.
B: I will probably All right.
Ricky Stebbins: Have fun and I'll talk to you later.
B: Well, when whenever Ellis hops on, let me know and I'll I don't know when he's going to come on.
 
 
01:21:50
 
B: If he's going to come on, but Linda made another group.
Ricky Stebbins: Ah, man. She's hilarious. I don't know what her deal
B: Uh there's like one,
Ricky Stebbins: is.
B: two, three, four.
Ricky Stebbins: She's like, h man. And then she wants to I don't know what she's doing. I'm gonna probably just start leaving groups. Same with Ellis's group.
B: Yeah, I'm gonna have to leave them, too.
Ricky Stebbins: Ellis isn't getting people to tell their stories.
B: I think that's what we should do.
Ricky Stebbins: Like, dude, if you're not going to get people to tell your story, I'm out, dude.
B: Hello. Yeah. No, I'm not here to to I first of all, I want to My focus is Massachusetts because I don't know the laws and statutes of other f****** states. I cannot say, "Oh, just go to your juvenile court." I can't help people yet like that. So,
Ricky Stebbins: And the problem with everybody too is we don't need to know the laws.
B: No,
Ricky Stebbins: We we need our stories because we're going to talk to people that know the law.
 
 
01:22:35
 
B: you're right. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: But if we don't have our stories, it doesn't matter what the law is because we have no story to go with it.
B: You're right. You're right. You're right. And I keep forgetting this part of this that that that's all that
Ricky Stebbins: people like we get hooked and we're that's why we need people like yes it's fine you want to learn the law too
B: matters.
Ricky Stebbins: but we need your story is more important because what are you going to do once you learn the law you got to write your story down and you're
B: Mhm. Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: going to forget details by that
B: Exactly. Mhm.
Ricky Stebbins: time
B: Okay. Awesome. Well, I got a couple people I'm gonna start uh sending my messages and getting this organized for today.
Ricky Stebbins: awesome and let me know how it goes and if you need any help I'm always
B: Um Okay. Thank you. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: around.
B: And for as as far as Ellis, I don't know. I don't know what his particular I know he's like child support.
 
 
01:23:16
 
B: It's like child support is his thing, right? Like is
Ricky Stebbins: He's making this personal. He's like, "Oh,
B: that Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I'm this. I'm that." I want to be about a team. If my idea is wrong and we can fix it,
B: See, I can't deal with that.
Ricky Stebbins: I want a team.
B: I'm not doing that. Yeah.
Ricky Stebbins: I don't care about you. It's not file,
B: Nobody's
Ricky Stebbins: file, file. No, I want to do this right. Are you filing? Okay. You want to file? Let's make sure you're doing it right.
B: Okay. Yeah. And and because also this is why I don't just do things like that and just like oh I'm going to file and do what AI told me. I'm like no I have to read some case law. I really have to and that's what I I'm in college right now. People don't I'm in going through the process right now going and learning all of these things step by step.
 
 
01:23:53
 
B: So I am prepared to actually say to people this is what you
Ricky Stebbins: See, that's why I don't want to do it because you're doing it.
B: do.
Ricky Stebbins: Why would I do that? And you're not telling your story the right way. So, I want to document it the right way. So, when you get done learning the law, you have it
B: Exactly.
Ricky Stebbins: ready
B: So, yeah, I need to put it together because what I have now is not even close to what's my story. So, I'm going to work on that,
Ricky Stebbins: and it's going to be great.
B: too.
Ricky Stebbins: And you can talk with your cousin about this with her on the phone and I'll have her and you transcribe separately
B: Oh, wow.
Ricky Stebbins: and you're going to be like man this is perfect like oh like dude like
B: Oh s***. This is going to set it set it all off. Okay.
Ricky Stebbins: oh man talking with our family is going to be the best because they know us the best and they can help us do you forgot this Rebecca you forgot that you forgot this that and the other
B: Man, I'm telling you,
Ricky Stebbins: thing
B: just the conversations I've had in the past week about the situation has been could have been that's
Ricky Stebbins: could have been and that's going to be because you remember now because
B: crazy. Okay, perfect. It is. Thank you, Ricky. I'm gonna I'm gonna It's gonna take off. I'm gonna I'm gonna start texting people now.
 
 
Transcription ended after 01:25:03

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
