District Court, City and County of Denver
1437 Bannock Street
Denver, Colorado 80202

▲ COURT USE ONLY ▲

In re the Marriage of:
Petitioner: Opsahl, Tyler Marlon
and
Respondent: Opsahl, Melissa Marie

Case Number: 20DR2504
Courtroom: 320

ORDER CONCERNING RELOCATION OF MINOR CHILDREN AND FAMILY

THERAPY

THIS MATTER comes before the court on Petitioner's Motion to Relocate Children, filed on
September 15, 2025. He is proposing to relocate the minor children to Antwerp, Belgium. A
response was filed on August 27, 2025. Respondent’s Motion to Enforce Court Order for Family
Therapy filed September 29, 2025 is also at issue. A response was filed September 30, 2025.
This matter concerns three minor children: Gideon Opsahl, born July 20, 2009; Samuel Opsahl,
born April 22, 2013; and Theodore Opsahl, born October 14, 2014.
Petitioner, Tyler Opsahl, appears by videoconference in WebEx, pro se.
Respondent, Melissa Opsahl, appears by videoconference in WebEx, pro se.
SWORN WITNESSES: Each party testified on their own behalf.
EXHIBITS:
Petitioner’s Exhibits: B, C, D, E (for demonstrative purposes), F, and G.
Respondent’s Exhibits:D1, G1, G2 and 0-2A (for demonstrative purposes).
THE COURT, having reviewed the pleadings, having reviewed the register of actions,
and having reviewed the relevant legal authority as contained in C.R.S. §§14-10-124 and
14-10-129, hereby enters the following findings and orders:
LEGAL STANDARDS

RELOCATION

DATE FILED
October 21, 2025 4:55 PM
CASE NUMBER: 2020DR2504

2

Post-decree relocation motions are governed by the provisions of C.R.S. § 14-10-129(2)(c),
C.R.S. § 14-10-124(1.5)(a) and case law, including In re Marriage of Stewart, 43 P.3d 740
(Colo. App. 2002) (best interests standard applies to modification of parenting time, including
geographic relocations of the parent); In re the Marriage of Ciesluk, 113 P.3d 135 (Colo. 2005)
(both parents share equally the burden of demonstrating what arrangement will serve the child’s
best interests); and Spahmer v. Gullette, 113 P.3d 158 (Colo. 2005) (a more stringent standard
for relocation applies to protect the already vested rights of the parents).
With respect to those provisions of the statute that address relocation, C.R.S. § 14-10-124(1.5)
provides in relevant part:
(1.5)Allocation of parental responsibilities. The court shall determine the allocation of parental
responsibilities, including parenting time and decision-making responsibilities, in accordance
with the best interests of the child, giving paramount consideration to the child's safety and the
physical, mental, and emotional conditions and needs of the child as follows:
(a)Determination of parenting time. The court, upon the motion of either party or upon its own
motion, may make provisions for parenting time that the court finds are in the best interests of
the child, with the child's safety always paramount, unless the court finds, after a hearing, that
parenting time by the party would endanger the child's physical health or significantly impair the
child's emotional development. In addition to a finding that parenting time would endanger the
child's physical health or significantly impair the child's emotional development, in any order
imposing or continuing a parenting time restriction, the court shall enumerate the specific factual
findings supporting the restriction, including findings related to domestic violence, child abuse,
and child sexual abuse, and may enumerate the conditions that the restricted party could fulfill in
order to seek modification in the parenting plan. When a claim of child abuse or neglect,
domestic violence, or sexual assault where there is also a claim that the child was conceived as a
result of the sexual assault has been made to the court, or the court has reason to believe that a
party has committed child abuse or neglect, domestic violence, or sexual assault where there is
also a claim that the child was conceived as a result of the sexual assault, prior to determining
parenting time, the court shall follow the provisions of subsection (4) of this section. In
determining the best interests of the child for purposes of parenting time, the court shall consider
all relevant factors, including:
(I) The wishes of the child's parents as to parenting time;
(II) The wishes of the child if he or she is sufficiently mature to express reasoned and
independent preferences as to the parenting time schedule;
(III) The interaction and interrelationship of the child with his or her parents, his or her
siblings, and any other person who may significantly affect the child's best interests;
(III.5) Any report related to domestic violence that is submitted to the court by a child
and family investigator, if one is appointed pursuant to section 14-10-116.5; a
professional parental responsibilities evaluator, if one is appointed pursuant
to section 14-10-127; or a legal representative of the child, if one is appointed

3

pursuant to section 14-10-116. The court may consider other testimony regarding
domestic violence from the parties, experts, therapists for any parent or child, the
department of human services, parenting time supervisors, school personnel, or
other lay witnesses.
(IV) The child's adjustment to his or her home, school, and community;
(V) The mental and physical health of all individuals involved, except that a disability
alone shall not be a basis to deny or restrict parenting time;
(VI) The ability of the parties to encourage the sharing of love, affection, and contact
between the child and the other party; except that, if the court determines that a
party is acting to protect the child from witnessing domestic violence or from
being a victim of child abuse or neglect or domestic violence, the party's
protective actions shall not be considered with respect to this factor;
(VII) Whether the past pattern of involvement of the parties with the child reflects a
system of values, time commitment, and mutual support;
(VIII) The physical proximity of the parties to each other as this relates to the practical
considerations of parenting time;
(XI) The ability of each party to place the needs of the child ahead of his or her own
needs.
C.R.S. § l4-10-l24(1.5)(a).
Additionally, C.R.S. § 14-10-129(2) provides in relevant part:
(c) The party with whom the child resides a majority of the time is intending to relocate
with the child to a residence that substantially changes the geographical ties between the
child and the other party. A court hearing on any modification of parenting time due to
an intent to relocate shall be given a priority on the court's docket. In determining
whether the modification of parenting time is in the best interests of the child, the court
shall take into account all relevant factors, including whether a party has committed an
act of domestic violence, has engaged in a pattern of domestic violence, or has a history
of domestic violence, as that term is defined in section 14-10-124(1.3), which factor
shall be supported by a preponderance of the evidence, and shall consider such domestic
violence whether it occurred before or after the prior decree, and all other factors
enumerated in section 14-10-124(1.5)(a) and:
(I) The reasons why the party wishes to relocate with the child;
(II) The reasons why the opposing party is objecting to the proposed relocation;
(III) The history and quality of each party's relationship with the child since any
previous parenting time order;

4

(IV) The educational opportunities for the child at the existing location and at the
proposed new location;
(V) The presence or absence of extended family at the existing location and at the
proposed new location;
(VI) Any advantages of the child remaining with the primary caregiver;
(VII) The anticipated impact of the move on the child;
(VIII) Whether the court will be able to fashion a reasonable parenting time schedule if
the change requested is permitted; and
(IX) Any other relevant factors bearing on the best interests of the child.
In re the Marriage of Ciesluk addresses the competing constitutional interests of the parties in a
relocation case—the right to travel of the parent seeking to relocate and the right of the other
parent to care and control of the children—and explains how trial courts are to apply C.R.S. §
14-l0-l29(2)(c) and C.R.S. § 14-l0-l24(1.5)(a). Ciesluk makes it clear that the trial court must
begin its analysis with each parent on equal footing, and that each parent has the burden to
persuade the Court that the relocation of the children will be in, or contrary to, the children's best
interests or that the parenting plan he or she proposes should be adopted by the Court. Pursuant
to Ciesluk, the focus of the Court, however, must be the best interests of the child.

FINDINGS OF FACT

General Findings
1. This matter concerns three minor children: Gideon Opsahl, born July 20, 2009; Samuel
Opsahl, born April 22, 2013; and Theodore Opsahl, born October 14, 2014.
2. A Decree of Dissolution of Marriage was entered in Jefferson County District Court on
April 21, 2020. Amended Permanent Orders were entered on April 23, 2020. Mother was
designated the primary custodial parent with Father allocated alternating weekends and a
Wednesday overnight. The Court ordered that neither parent shall make plans to
permanently remove the minor children from the state of Colorado, and any move out of
Colorado cannot happen without a Court order.
3. The Court ordered a Change of Venue from Jefferson County District court to Denver
District Court on October 27, 2020.
4. Father filed a Motion for Abduction Prevention Measures on October 28, 2020 alleging
that Mother had left the state with the children without Father’s consent. The Court
temporarily changed primary custody to Father in the Court’s Interim Orders Re:
November 6, 2020. The Court appointed a Child and Family Investigator on January 19,
2021 and held a hearing on modification of parenting time, decision-making, and child
support on February 16, 2022.

5

5. The Court’s Order Regarding Petitioner’s Motions to Modify Parenting Time, Decision-
Making, Child Support, and Maintenance issued March 3, 2023 designated Father as the

primary residential parent, allowing Mother to have up to four hours of supervised
parenting time a week. Mother was also ordered to engage in family therapy with the
children and individual therapy. Father was allocated sole decision-making.
6. Father filed a Motion to Relocate Children on September 15, 2025. Petitioner asked the
Court to relocate to Antwerp, Belgium to pursue a new career opportunity that would
increase financial stability.
7. Mother filed a Motion to Enforce Court Order for Family Therapy on September 29,
2025, claiming that she has already set up family therapy at the Jefferson Center.
8. At the hearing, Father testified regarding the benefits of moving to Antwerp, where he
has been offered a good job with a generous salary increase. He spoke credibly regarding
the opportunities for the children to explore the world and learn more about the
international community. He proposed flying Mother to Antwerp to engage in
reunification if she is sober in the future. He testified that the children have not had
contact with their Mother, even on a supervised phone call, in the last two years. They
were in individual therapy but are now stable.
9. Mother testified that she worries about the children moving to Antwerp because there is
so much terrorism in Belgium. She feels the children are stable here in Colorado. Mother
testified credibly that she has had struggles in the past couple of years. She lost her job,
her vehicle, and her home. She was homeless for a while and stayed in shelters. She was
unable to pay the parenting time supervisor. She admits she has not had contact with the
children in the past two years but still gained immense comfort from knowing they are
nearby.

A. Specific Findings pursuant to C.R.S. §14-10-129(2)(c) and C.R.S. §14-10-124(1.5)(a)
With the holdings of Ciesluk and Spahmer in mind, the Court enters the following findings of
fact pursuant to C.R.S. §§ 14-10-129(2)(c) and 14-10-124(1.5)(a):
Best Interests of the child:
(III) The wishes of the child's parents as to parenting time;
Father wishes to relocate with the minor children to Antwerp, Belgium. He has
attained employment there and, as the primary parent for several years, feels it is
best for the children to move with him. He feels the children will benefit from this
international experience. Mother prefers that the children remain in Colorado.
(IV) The wishes of the child if he or she is sufficiently mature to express reasoned
and independent preferences as to the parenting time schedule;

6

The children did not specifically opine on this matter and are not yet sufficiently
mature to express a reasoned and independent preference as to the parenting time
schedule. However, Father testified that the children are excited to move to
Belgium but are also anxious about the unknown.
(III) The interaction and interrelationship of the child with his or her parents, his
or her siblings, and any other person who may significantly affect the child's best
interests;
Father testified that the children do not have family in Colorado except for one
half-sister who lives in Thornton, but there are family members in the United
States. Father has presented a detailed plan regarding how he will continue to
maintain ties with extended family on both paternal and maternal sides, which is
included in his supporting document filed on September 16, 2025. Specifically, he
proposes flying family members to Antwerp to visit multiple times per year. The
family could care for the children there. This is outlined in Exhibit D. The Court
finds Father credible that he intends to support international travel for extended
family. However, this Court does not have jurisdiction to order Father to transport
any non-party and so no specific order is entered.
The Court finds that the children will be able to maintain strong ties with family
in this matter. Mother did not provide specific evidence about the children’s
relationships with extended family in Colorado.
(III.5) Any report related to domestic violence that is submitted to the court by a
child and family investigator, if one is appointed pursuant to section 14-10-116.5; a
professional parental responsibilities evaluator, if one is appointed pursuant
to section 14-10-127; or a legal representative of the child, if one is appointed
pursuant to section 14-10-116. The court may consider other testimony regarding
domestic violence from the parties, experts, therapists for any parent or child, the
department of human services, parenting time supervisors, school personnel, or
other lay witnesses.
There is no active protection order in this case. However, past concerns regarding
Mother’s erratic behavior led to restriction of her parenting time, which has
limited her contact with the children. She has not proven to this Court that she is
yet sober and ready to parent. Father previously raised credible concerns that
Mother was attempting to alienate the children from him. At the hearing on
October 16, 2025, Mother alleged that Father was the one who was drinking and
passing out for days at a time and that he was the one alienating the children from
her. She did not present specific evidence, and the Court found her testimony less
credible.
(IV) The child's adjustment to his or her home, school, and community;

7

The children are well adjusted to their home, school, and community in Denver.
However, they have been living with their father, not their mother, and would be
changing schools regardless once Father moves to Belgium. Father, in his
supporting document filed on September 16, 2025 indicates that the children
would have access to a well-regarded international school. The Court finds the
children would likely thrive in this environment.
(V) The mental and physical health of all individuals involved, except that a
disability alone shall not be a basis to deny or restrict parenting time;
There are no physical or mental health concerns for Father and the children. There
are concerns that Mother struggles with addiction and mental health concerns
related to her substance use problem. In the past two years, Mother has not had
contact with the children. She provided some clean UAs which are part of her
probation case (Exhibit F). However, she has missed a significant number of tests
and the substance test evaluated for meth and other drugs but not marijuana or
alcohol. The Court draws a negative inference and finds that Mother has not
proven that she is sober and has stopped actively using substances.
(VI) The ability of the parties to encourage the sharing of love, affection, and
contact between the child and the other party; except that, if the court determines
that a party is acting to protect the child from witnessing domestic violence or from
being a victim of child abuse or neglect or domestic violence, the party's protective
actions shall not be considered with respect to this factor;
Father testified as to the past history of the case, which involved erratic behavior,
secret contact, lack of boundaries, and likely substance use by Mother. Father
testified that today the children have peace, safety, and stability. He uses Talking
Parents and is respectful and child focused. Father denies that he has blocked
Mother from parenting time and allege that the messages and fits she wanted to
share were outside of the court’s parameters, so he did not participate. However,
he was open to therapy or supervised phone calls. He offered to fly Mother to
Belgium to engage in reintegration therapy with the children.
Mother testified that she was briefly unhoused. She lost her job and then her car
and then had no place to stay. She feels Father owes her money and is to blame
for her circumstances. She continued to allege that Father was the one alienating
her. She did not acknowledge that the Court in the past found that Mother was the
one who had emotionally endangered the children.
The Court finds that on balance, Father is more able to encourage the sharing of
love, affection, and contact between the children and Mother.
(VII) Whether the past pattern of involvement of the parties with the child reflects
a system of values, time commitment, and mutual support;

8

Father has had the children in his care for the past 3 1⁄2 years. Mother has not
exercised her supervised parenting time or supervised calls and has not
participated in reintegration or family therapy.

(VIII) The physical proximity of the parties to each other as this relates to the
practical considerations of parenting time;
Antwerp, Belgium is in Europe. Admittedly, it is a very far way away and it is
harder to put a parenting plan in place given the geographic constraints. However,
Mother’s parenting time is very limited in Colorado and Father has a plan
including an offer to fly Mother to Belgium to exercise parenting time.
(XI) The ability of each party to place the needs of the child ahead of his or her
own needs.
Father has consistently placed the needs of the children ahead of his own needs.
Mother is currently struggling to take care of herself. While there is no doubt that
she loves her children and misses them a lot, the Court does not find that she has
been able to place the needs of the children ahead of her own needs.

Relocation Factors
1. The reasons why the party wishes to relocate with the child

Father wishes to relocate with the minor children to Antwerp, Belgium. He has
attained employment there and, as the primary parent for several years, feels it is
best for the children to move with him. He feels the children will benefit from this
international experience. Mother prefers that the children remain in Colorado.
2. The reasons why the opposing party is objecting to the proposed relocation

Although Mother has had limited contact with the children for the past 3 1⁄2 years,
she testified credibly that she loves them, and it gave her a sense of comfort to
know they are nearby. She knows that when she is able to see them, it would be
easier if they were nearby. Travel to Belgium seems daunting and unattainable for
her.

3. The history and quality of each party’s relationship with the child since any
previous parenting time order
Father has had the care of these children for the past 3 1⁄2 years. Mother has not
exercised any of her supervised parenting time, supervised telephone calls, or
engaged in family or reunification therapy.

4. The educational opportunities for the child at the existing location and at the
proposed new location

9

Father provided information about the school the children would attend. The
school is excellent and focuses not only on academic success but also takes a
holistic approach to education. Classes will be offered in English. The Court has
no concerns about the children’s education in Colorado. However, this is a unique
opportunity for the children.

5. The presence or absence of extended family at the existing location and at the
proposed new location
See Factor III above.

6. Any advantages of the child remaining with the primary caregiver

Practically speaking, the children have been in Father’s primary care for the past 3
1⁄2 years and they have had with limited contact with their mother. The Court has
previously found that the children were endangered in Mother’s care. There are
concerns about how Mother’s erratic behavior and substance use have affected the
children. The Court does not find it would be safe for the children to be returned
fully to Mother’s care when Father relocates to Belgium.

7. The anticipated impact of the move on the child

While this is certainly a change for the children, it is also an opportunity. Father
testified credibly that the children would be both excited and anxious about the
move.

8. Whether the court will be able to fashion a reasonable parenting time schedule if the
change requested is permitted
Because Mother’s current parenting time is limited to supervised time by phone or
video calls, the Court finds that this could also continue once the children move.
Further, it is possible to “leave a door open” for reunification in the future.
Although the Court previously ordered reintegration or family therapy, given the
years that have passed without contact from their mother, the Court finds that
reintegration therapy would need to occur for parenting time to begin again.

9. Any other relevant factors bearing on the best interests of the child

Mother raised concerns about terrorism in Belgium but did not provide proof
beyond internet news searches that she had done. The Court does not find a
reason to believe that Antwerp is any more dangerous than Denver.
Unfortunately, there is danger everywhere in the world.
Mother also raised a concern that Father may not return the children and that
Belgium would not extradite or help her recover the children. The Court finds that
Belgium is a Hague signatory and finds that the Colorado order is reasonably
likely to be enforceable there.

10

In conclusion, the Court finds that it is in the children’s best interests to relocate
to Antwerp, Belgium with their father.

ORDERS

The Court finds that the following parenting time schedule is in the best interest of the minor
child, pursuant to C.R.S. § 14-10-124, complies with the requirements of C.R.S. §§ 14-10-129
and 14-10-131, and is the least restrictive alternative pursuant to In re Marriage of Hatton, 160
P.3d 326, 330 (Colo. App. 2007).

COURT ORDERS/ACTIONS:
1. Father Tyler Marlon Opsahl may relocate with the minor children Gideon Opsahl (DOB
7/20/09); Samuel Opsahl (DOB 4/22/13); and Theodore Opsahl (DOB 10/14/14), born
October 14, 2014 from Denver, Colorado, United States of America to Antwerp,
Belgium, effective immediately.
2. All parenting time is allocated to Father except as detailed below.
3. Mother may set up supervised calls (phone or video) at her sole expense from Colorado.
Those calls shall continue, at least once per month, for up to 6 months before any visit.
4. Father shall send Mother photos of the children once per month by email, text, or other
mode of communication.
5. Mother may also write the children letters and send gifts. The children may respond if
they wish to do so.
6. Once Mother has had at least 6 months of supervised calls and she is sober, she may at
any time file a 12-panel hair follicle test, which tests for drugs and alcohol. The test shall
be negative for all substances except marijuana. Once she provides this proof of sobriety,
sha shall contact Father to request a visit with the children.
7. Once Mother provides a clean hair follicle test, then she and Father may schedule
sessions with a reintegration therapist in Belgium.
a. Father shall select the therapist and shall bear the cost of the therapy, a round-trip
plane ticket for Mother, and shall provide Mother with lodging at a hotel for up to
two weeks.
b. Mother shall provide Father with another clean hair follicle test within 48 hours of
boarding the plane to depart to Belgium.
c. She shall also provide Father with hair follicle test within 72 hours of returning to
Colorado.

11
8. Mother may opt to stay longer at her own expense.
9. Once reintegration therapy has occurred, either party may file a motion to modify
parenting time.
10. This order is in the best interests of the children. All orders not modified herein shall
remain in full force and effect.

SO ORDERED this 21 October 2025 nunc pro tunc October 16, 2025.
BY THE COURT:

Michelle Crozier Haynes
DISTRICT COURT MAGISTRATE

Pursuant to Colorado Rules for Magistrates 7(a)(5), a party may obtain review of a magistrate’s
final order or judgment by filing a petition to review such final order or judgment with the
reviewing judge no later than 14 days subsequent to the final order or judgment if the parties are
present when the magistrate’s order is entered, or 21 days from the date the final order or
judgment is mailed or otherwise transmitted to the parties.