Melissa:

Hi! Any help appreciated!! Imminent relocation of my kids abroad if I don't stop it!!



Ricky:
3:27 PM
I’m not sure what your situation is, but I’ve been going public with everything I’ve been doing.

I make Google meet videos and then combine it will all the information I have regarding evidence tampering and judicial misconduct.

If you’re not worried about standing in the light, I can help you expose everything that you’re dealing with.



Melissa:

I'm not. I finally recently got over that. I hired an Advocate on retainer with the last available  funds I had, and she flaked on me!!

I can shoot you a copy of what I am about to file today, if you're able to review it. We have Permanent Orders, and have been in this hell and downward spiral for years. I fear I will never see my kids again, if they leave the country with a documented abuser who has a 7 year history of not complying with orders at all.


Ricky:

You can send me what you have an then I’ll share it with all the different AI I use, they’re going to have questions and they’re awesome at catching people making mistakes in the system.
Rickystebbins78@gmail.com


Melissa:
Sent. Thank you so much! This is all me and AI at this point.
I've provided clean drug tests randomly for almost 2 years, and they keep hanging their hats on those disproven false allegations. He has a history of noncompliance, like my ex husband who has been trying to take me out is going to actually comply now, and fly me to Europe at his expense?? Please. Documented history of physical sexual abuse, reported even by children's therapist. All always ignored. Family is calling me telling me my 16 yr old is on a lot of drugs, dad neglecting and not feeding kids on numerous occasions. Have not seen them in 3 years, this Neverending loop of paid supervised calls which are useless for reintegration which is supposed to be happening. Dad drinking heavily, on recorded supervised calls from kids mouths, documented history. Going to shoot you the permanent orders as well.
Contacted us Dept of State children's passport issuance alert program,  he filed inadequate documents last Friday and passports expedited in 5 days. Which is
Today. There is an order granting relocation from Oct 2025, I'm pro se now of course and had no idea about appeals deadline. This "job offer" in Europe has been pending since August 2025.
Dept of State children passport program said I need a newer superceding order to restrict passports. Gah!!
And yes, let's take these demons down. A lot of people are all talk. The AmericanRevolution started in my ancestors' home, so it's kinda in my blood!!
And thank you so so much!!!



Ricky: I’m not ignoring you,
My Ai can’t read those pdf files: so I’m going to convert them to text, I don’t want to ask them for answers, without all the facts.


Melissa:
Thank you so much. He has filed so much, it's simply ridiculous. The only way I was ever going organize all of it, was with the help of AI!



Melissa:
3:06 PM
Well, guess what? They rejected my motion AGAIN. They said it has to have the proposed order on a separate page, which I'm pretty sure is bullshit because he's done so numerous times. So, I'll just hop over to the courthouse yet again,  after I get off work in a few minutes. Gosh, they don't like me...

Melissa replied to you
I can gather people.



Ricky:
It is futile, when you fight alone and behind closed doors.

I fight in the open and call lawyers liars in front of judges. 

I stayed out of trouble, so I can talk tons of shit for people who have had issues in the past.

I have a case right now where I’m the victim, and I’m attacking the court. 

They’re scrambling to deal with me, because they’re fucking by with disabled people.

I’m a huge trouble maker; I love dealing with people the system shits on


Melissa:
That's it, our hearings are always by video. Hiding!!!
I'm heading to courthouse now to "re-file". Is it even worth my time??



Ricky:
Give me a couple minutes.

These Ai are designed to fuck people, this is part of my project.

Mapping how they fucked AI memory over the years.

I have to feed your case back into an AI, with the new information you sent, or it will leave important information out.


Mellissa:
Yep. It's so wild!
If you need me to re-send anything, let me know!





