1. US Dept of State has been in close email communication with me, and I have been in phone contact with thm as well. 
2. Yes, there is a case number for CPIAP Children's Passport Issuance Alert Program. I signed up for that in Feb. 2026. 
3. Passports have not yet been issued, that I am aware of. 
4. Denver County District Court, Magistrate Michelle Crozier-Haynes
5. Yes, I do have a copy of the Oct 2025 order granting relocation
6. I am pro se, and have been since 2020. No attorneys. Tyler is also pro se. 
7. Advocate informed me in Feb/March 2026 that I had missed appeals deadline for the Oct 2025 relocation orders. 
8. She told me to file an Emergency Motion for Stay of Relocation, which I did 04/10/2026, and it was kicked back with NO ACTION TAKEN. I also filed Emergency Abduction Prevention Measures after that last Friday, and no action at all has been taken on that motion. I was immediately before Magistrate Karen Hubler, who argued, yelled, brought up disproven false allegations, and only parroted everything Magistrate Haynes has said. 
9. Tyler was the only one who was allowed to choose the Visitation Supervisor, who has lied to Tyler and to the courts twice about concerns of drug use. I have provided random clean drug screens, including a clean hair follicle test, for the past 2 years. My evidence is absolutely ignored every single time. I had to fight hard to get Mr. Hendrix removed from the case, as against my request, and allegations scientifically proven to be false, he terminated my supervised calls with my children in Feb 2026, and the judge ultimately decided to re-start the 6 month timeline of supervised visits before I can begin reunification with my children. Again, in spite of my request to find a new Supervisor and NOT to re-start the 6 month timeline, given the impending date of departure for the relocation, which has thus far been open-ended("Spring 2026") since the "job offer" there, which began in August 2025. 
10. Nothing happened in regards to therapist's and two other reports of physical abuse of youngest child (age 5 at the time). This was reported to Arapahoe County Colorado, where the children reside with their father. 
11. That therapist is no longer invovled with the children. However, current therapy Supervisor at Relate Family Therapy, where children have been seen for several years, has expressed concern over family reports to me of 16 yr old Gideon's current excessive illicit psychedelic drug use. Said drug abuse has been reported to Arapahoe County CPS, and no action was taken that I am aware of. 
12. There is NO legal aid available in Colorado for post-decree matters 
13. I have not tried any avenues yet such as ACLU, etc. 
14. The case is currently in Denver County District Court since 2020, post-decree and the Jefferson County case was apparently absorbed into the Denver County case. 
15. There was no Permanent Protection Order, not enough evidence. There was only ever a TPO. 
16. There were 2 CFI's on the case, the first in JeffCo was a Psychiatrist, he ruled in my favor. The second, in the Denver County Case, was a lawyer and I believe a GAL, and she ruled more in Tyler's favor. She was very biased. 
17.Tyler is only a citizen of US, he did get the relocation granted in Oct 2025 order. Locating that order now. 
18. No judicial complaints filed yet. 
19. Denver County District Court still has jurisdiction. This has always been improper jurisdiction, because none of us have lived in Denver County. I still reside in Jefferson County, where the proceedings originally began in Feb 2019, and Tyler and the boys live in Arapahoe County. 
