32) Father has the ability to pay maintenance based o n the income imputed t o him.
33) The parties had a middle class lifestyle during the marriage, Wife i s 44 years old, Husband i s 3 5 years
old. She has no savings, no retirement, and few job skills to earn above the minimum wage.
Husband has significant job skills, and has been the breadwinner throughout the marriage.
34) Father will pay statutory maintenance in the amount of $1,789 per month beginning January 1,
2020, for six (6) years and six (6) months.
35) Under the schedule of 104 overnights for Father, child support i s set at $1220 month as o f January
1, 2020.
36) Child support is due o n the 1st of every month until the children turn 1 9 o r otherwise emancipate
themselves.
PARENTING TIME
37) The parties disagree o n parenting time.
38) Parties didn't separate until April o f last year, and i n that short amount o f time the children have
had to meet a new girlfriend, the new girlfriend's husband and two small children, and they have all
been put into a small apartment. The Court i s not surprised this change has been hard on the
children. The children need time to adjust to their parents' divorce and new circumstances.
39) The court i s recommending family therapy a s well as mental and physical evaluations for both
Mother and Father.
40) The court is not recommending Drug and Alcohol Counseling a t this time for Father unless future
behavior indicates that he is using substances again.
41) It is clear t o the court that mom and dad can't co-parent a t this time since they remain a t odds.
42) The children are suffering because of this.
43) If dad wants t o increase parenting time, he will have to show the court he i s engaged in family
therapy for a significant period of time and the therapist will have to recommend increased
parenting time once the children are stabilized with this new family.
44) The parties are ordered to not speak negatively about the other one in front of the children. It will
cause alienation and it needs to stop immediately for the sake of the children.
45) The following findings o f the CFI regarding parenting plan and recommendations are adopted by this
court:
a. Removal from the State
Neither parent shall make plans to permanently remove the boys from the state o f Colorado. The
parents together will make the final decision regarding the removal o f the boys from the statE.


together. I f they do not reach a n agreement, they will use the services o f a PC. I f they do not have a
written agreement or Court Order, the children may not move out of the state of Colorado.
Please note, this does not apply to taking the children out o f the state or country for holidays or
vacations.
b. Holiday Schedule:
Holiday Odd Even
New Year's Eve Tyler
New Year's Day Melissa
Melissa Tyler
Fall Break Split, with exchange on Wednesday - whoever has the weekend
Spring Break before has first half, whoever has the weekend after has second
half
Mother's Day Always with Melissa
Father's Day Always with Tyler
Memorial Day Tyler Melissa
Labor Day
Melissa Tyler
Fourth of July (Always Overnight) Tyler Melissa
Thanksgiving Tyler Melissa
Christmas Eve - exchange at 9 PM Always with Tyler
Christmas Day Always with Melissa
Winter Break (First Half)
Melissa Tyler
Winter Break (Second Half) Tyler | Melissa
Easter Always with Melissa
Halloween Always with Tyler
Children's Birthday Regular parenting time
Parents' Birthdays Regular parenting time
c. Please note that the parents may make substantial, permanent modifications to the parenting-
time schedule only b y written agreement, signed b y both parents, and filed with the Court. Minor,
non-permanent changes may be made any time that both parents agree to the changes and may be
made through Talking Parents.
d. Telephone Access
Each parent may have reasonable telephone contact with the boys during the children's normal
waking hours.
46) The Court makes these rulings regarding parenting time:
a . The parties will alternate weekends. When the children are i n School, Father shall have the
children from Friday afterschool until Monday morning before school. When the children are not
i n school, Father's parenting time will start at noon on Friday and end a t noon the followinG