Monday. On the weeks the father does not have scheduled overnights with the children on the
weekend, he shall have one overnight on Wednesday.

Saturday
Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
Week 1
Overnights
Mother Mother Mother
Mother
Mother Father
Father
Week 2
Overnights
Father Mother Mother Father Mother Mother Mother
c . Exchanges will take place at whole foods i n Denver unless otherwise agreed on by parties.
d. The vacations and holidays will supersede regular parenting time with no makeups.
e . Each parent can have up to two weeks o f non-consecutive parenting time in the summer, one
week at a time, and a notification of 30 days is required.
f. Mother will allow Father access t o children at reasonable hours o f the day up t o 8:00 p m each
night. The boys and the Mother will make sure that the boys have some way to communicate with
father.
g . The court orders that Mother has full decision making in education, medical, dental and mental
health decisions.
h. Both parents may sign legal releases, get medical treatment o r take necessary medical measures
while they are with the children. If a n emergency occurs, that parent can do whatever is medically
necessary to care for the children.
i . If the boys are hurt, the party with the children will notify the other parent within one hour o f the
emergency and getting initial medical care.
j. Both parents have access to medical and dental records pertaining to the minor children.
k. Both parents will keep each other reasonably informed as to the names, addresses and telephone
numbers of all practitioners and as to all medical and dental treatments.
I. Mother has sole decision-making regarding religion.
m. Court orders joint decision making regarding extracurricular activities. Parents will discuss the
children's participation i n and transportation t o theses different sports o r activities. If they cannot
reach a decision o n activities, then the parents have to d o the activities o n their own parenting time.
n. The parent who has the children on a day to day basis will make the decisions as to the general
welfare and conflict resolution.
o . If either party moves, they must inform the other parent within 48 hours of the move.