09-1-04325-7

Page 316: July 01, 2011; Woman Jackie Davis, acting as therapist, finding Lester LaFluer not competent to stand trial.

Page 308: Jan 27, 2012; Woman Mary Ann Brady, acting as Deputy Prosecuting Attorney; Reckless Endangerment: on or about August 19, 2009, did recklessly engage in conduct, which did create substantial risk of death or serious physical injury to Gerrin Paul Rutzel LaFleur, dob, 10/05/2004, a human being.

299: Defendant found guilty on 01-27-2012 by plea.

114: 
Nov 19, 2009: man Josh Hayes, Spokane County Fire District #9.
On 8-19-09 around 1805 hours, he was on duty working at fire station 92 located at
Market and Farwell.
Upon arrival to the station, he started working on the four year old and the child was flat
lined and his pupils were fixed and dilated.

114 – 115: 
a man Jason Atwood,  employed as a firefighter with Spokane County Fire District #9.
He talked to the father of the child to learn the mechanism of injury.
He asked the father how high the child fell from and the dad pointed towards the top of the Chevrolet Suburban they arrived in at the fire station and told him the child fell off the back of the truck.

115: 
a man, Jim Thoen is employed as a firefighter with Spokane County Fire District #9.
he asked the dad what happened and the dad replied something to the effect of he knew
the child fell and that he thought the dad told him the child fell on his head.

115 
a man, Jeff Thurman, is a deputy employed by the Spokane County Sheriff's Office.
It was reported the child fell off a vehicle and struck his head and was possible deceased.
He later responded to 19902 E Wallis Rd, residence of the involved parties, to look for a possible crime scene where the vehicle had retrieved firewood.
He located a 1985 Ford F250 pickup, WA license #B02468L, full of split firewood in front of a plywood type residence at the Wallis address.
While waiting for a tow truck to seize the vehicle as evidence, he took photographs of the truck.
He noted there were a couple of small child boot type marks on the driver’s side rear bumper.
He impounded the vehicle and followed the tow truck and pickup to the sheriff's department vehicle processing station where he secured the vehicle there.

115: 
a man, Jesse Depriest, is a deputy employed by the Spokane County Sheriff's Office.
He was later advised the four year old had been transported to Sacred Heart Medical Center and he responded to the hospital.
He was advised the child was deceased and he took photographs of the victim, noting the child had abrasions on his arms, chest, and face.
On 8-20-09, he attended the autopsy of the victim and took additional photographs.

115 – 116: 
a man, John Howard, is a medical doctor and forensic pathologist employed by the Spokane County Medical Examiner’s Office.
On 8-20-09, he performed an autopsy on Gerrin LaFleur.
His opinion is that Gerrin was injured when he fell from a moving pickup truck; that death was caused by lung contusions and lacerations due to blunt chest injury.

116: 
a woman, Carrie Johnson, is employed as the forensic manager for the Spokane County Sheriff’s Office.
On 9-14-09 around, 1000 hours, she assisted Detective David Thornburg process a 1985 Ford F250 pickup, WA license #B02468L, in the vehicle processing station.
She photographed both the exterior and interior of the vehicle, to include all of the seat belts.
She found and photographed a shoe impression on the hood of the truck.
She found, photographed, and lifted hand impressions and a possible mouth impression from the windshield.
She photographed and removed a hair hanging from the log rail on the passenger side of the truck. 
She found and collected fibrous material on top of the truck cab and also some stuck to a
log in the back of the pickup.

116:
a woman, Alana Inks, is the officer manager for the Spokane County Medical Examiner’s (ME) Office.
On 9-14-09, Amaryah LaFleur came into the office and insisted they change the death certificate of Gerrin LaFleur immediately.
Amaryah threatened to sue and get in touch with her “contacts” in Olympia to force the ME’s office to change the death certificate.

116 – 117: 
a woman, Sherry Bashaw, is employed as a case worker by Child Protective Services. ***
She interviewed the LaFleur’s reference the death of Gerrin. 
All of the LaFleur children told her Gerrin was in a car seat, climbed out the window, was swatting at a bee, hit a branch, and then fell off the cab of the truck.
Halona LaFleur told her that Gerrin was already on top of the cab; that Gerrin had unbuckled his car seat and got out the window on the left side; and that when asked where she was sitting, Halona answered, “I was in the car seat in the cab”.
Lester LaFleur told her Gerrin was not in a car seat and he stopped to get some cut wood.
All of the LaFleur children, as well as Amaryah and Lester, were adamant the truck was not moving.
All of the LaFleur children and Amaryah told her they were seat belted and in car seats.
Alzaray LaFleur told her Gerrin let go of the rail to get a drink of water; that she and her other sisters were on top of the truck; and that dad was in the bushes getting more firewood. 
She felt it was obvious the children were coached when she spoke with them.

117: 
a woman, Deborah Harper, is a medical doctor employed by Partners with Families and Children: Spokane.
On 9-23-09, she reviewed injury and autopsy photographs of Gerrin LaFleur.
Her opinion is that the injuries to Gerrin LaFleur are not consistent with just a fall.

117 – 119:

a man, David Thornburg, is a detective employed by the Spokane County Sheriff’s Office.
He has 18 years of experience investigating motor vehicle crashes, over 1,000 hours of
collision investigation training, and has been trained to the level of collision
reconstructionist.
He has an Associate of Science degree in Physics from Spokane Falls Community College
and is currently working on his bachelor’s degree in the same field of study at Eastern
Washington University.
On 8-19-09, he responded to SHMC to investigate this incident and spoke with Lester
LaFleur.
While at the hospital, Lester told him he was out cutting firewood and had stopped to
pick some more wood up he saw on the side of the road; that Gerrin must have crawled
out of the cab and climbed on top of the truck; that this is when he accidentally fell; that
he stated he didn’t know he had even crawled out of the truck; and that he denied
having any other of his children with him at the time of the incident.
While at the hospital, Tamsey LaFleur, Lester’s 12 year old daughter, told him that she
and her brother Andre (15 months) were at home with her mother and her sisters Halona
(6), Alzaray (8), and Zariah (10) were with Gerrin and her father in the woods.
While at the hospital, Zariah LaFleur told him that she was riding on top of the firewood
in the pickup while the truck was moving and that Gerrin was in the cab with her dad and
was leaning out the window.
While at the hospital, he observed Amaryah LaFleur to be very distraught over the death
of her son Gerrin, i.e. crying and shaking, but totally changed emotions and became very
serious when told he was getting conflicting stories of how Gerrin was killed.
He looked at Gerrin LaFleur’s injuries while in the emergency room at the hospital and
based upon his aforementioned training and experience investigating and reconstruction
motor vehicle crashes, he felt the injuries sustained by Gerrin were not consistent with just
a fall off of the pickup truck.
On 8-20-09, he attended the autopsy of Gerrin LaFleur; that he asked Dr Howard if the
injuries and cause of death were consistent with a 7-8 feet fall and Dr Howard said it was
not; that the victim needed speed, i.e. the truck had to be moving. ***
On 8-20-09, he spoke with Amaryah LaFleur; that she told him she was at home when the
accident occurred; that Lester suddenly came into the house carrying Gerrin in his arms
stating “save his life”; and that Zariah got things mixed up as she usually does and told her
Gerrin was reaching for a branch, slipped, and fell.
On 9-9-09, he spoke with Lester and Amaryah LaFleur again; that Lester told him that he had stopped his truck to pick up the cross member made of wood for his truck rack/railing; that he stated it fell off on the way up and he decided to get it on the way back down; that he stated Gerrin had climbed out of the truck and was grabbing some of the bushes/trees to climb them; that he stated Gerrin fell off of the truck on the passenger side of the truck; that Amaryah now told him she was by the wood shack next to  the house when Lester pulled up with Gerrin; and that Amaryah said neither of them went into the house.
On 9-14-09, he executed the search warrant on Lester LaFleur’s 1985 Ford F250 pickup truck; that when searching the truck, he found no evidence the seatbelts were in use in the truck; that he had to pull the bottom part of the rear seat up to get access to the seatbelts; that it was obvious all of the seatbelts had been stuffed underneath the seat for quite awhile; that the center seatbelt was already clipped together; that the seatbelt buckle for the right front passenger was also covered by items in the front seat; and that there were no child safety or booster seats found in the vehicle.
He determined probable cause exists to charge Lester C. LaFleur with one. count of vehicular homicide, for Gerrin LaFleur’s death ensued within three years as a proximate result of injury proximately caused by Lester LaFleur operating a motor vehicle with the disregard for the safety of others by not having Gerrin LaFleur properly restrained within the vehicle as required by state law.
That all of these events occurred within Spokane County, WA and he prepared and filed this Affidavit of Probable Cause.

62:

According to the police reports, Dr. Howard will testify that the victim died as the result
of blunt trauma to the abdomen and that the child’s injuries are not consistent with the child
having fallen from the defendant’s vehicle while the vehicle was stationary. [get autopsy report]

The defense requires the services of a forensic pathologist to examine Dr. Howard’s report
and to express an opinion as to the accuracy of the report and Dr. Howard’s findings, and also to
provide an opinion as to whether the child’s injuries could have been caused by being struck by
the second vehicle.

Counsel has contacted Dr. Jon Nordby, a qualified forensic pathologist to provide the
required services. [get that report]

