EXHIBIT 1-A

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
FamilyEducational Rights and PrivacyAct

FORM APPROVED
OMB NO:1880-0544
Exp Date: / /

Complaint Form

Instructions: The United States Department of Education’s (Department) Student Privacy Policy Office (SPPO)
reviews, investigates, and processes complaints of alleged violations of the Family Educational Rights and Privacy
Act (FERPA). 20 U.S.C. 1232(g); 34 CFR part 99. FERPA is a Federal law which affords parents certain rights with
regard to their children’s education records. The term “education records” is defined under FERPA, with certain
exclusions, as those records that are directly related to a student and which are maintained by an educational agency
(e.g., a school district) or institution (e.g., a school or postsecondary institution), or by a party acting for the agency or
institution, to which funds have been made available under any program administered by the Secretary of Education.
These rights include the right to inspect and review their children’s education records, the right to seek to have
their education records amended, the right to have some control over the disclosure of personally identifiable
information from their education records, and the right to file a written complaint with SPPO regarding an
alleged violation of FERPA. Once a student reaches 18 years of age or begins attending a postsecondary
institution, he or she becomes an “eligible student,” and all of the parent’s rights under FERPA transfer to the
student.
SPPO investigates written complaints alleging a violation of FERPA by an educational agency or institution, a
State educational agency (SEA) (if alleging denial to inspect and review education records maintained by the
SEA), or a third party, if the complaint: 1) is filed by a parent or eligible student with FERPA rights over the
education records which are the subject of the complaint, or by his or her attorney or advocate; 2) is submitted to
SPPO within 180 days of the date of the alleged violation or of the date that the complainant knew or reasonably
should have known of the alleged violation; and, 3) contains specific allegations of fact giving reasonable cause
to believe that a violation of FERPA has occurred.
Individuals who want to file a complaint should do so by completing this Complaint Form (available at https://
studentprivacy.ed.gov/file-a-complaint) in its entirety and submitting it electronically or by mail. If you choose to
submit this form electronically, please note that it is a fillable PDF (Portable Document Format) and works best
when used with Adobe Reader, available for free download at https://get.adobe.com/reader/. Once you have
completed the form, please type your name in the signature space and click “Submit Form.” Your computer’s
default email software program should then open and create an email with the Complaint Form attached. In order
to complete the submission process, you must send this email, and attachment, as appropriate.
In the event that you have either not selected a default email software program on your computer, or the default email
software program you have selected does not open when clicking “Submit Form,” in order to complete the submission
process, you must either save the form, manually attach it to an email, and send that email to
FERPA.Complaints@ed.gov; or, print the form, and sign and mail it to:
Student Privacy Policy Office
U.S. Department of Education
400 Maryland Avenue, SW
Washington, D.C. 20202-8520

1

You should receive a confirmation of SPPO’s receipt of your complaint within three business days from the
date of your submission. Failure to complete the Complaint Form in its entirety or to not provide any of the
information required for SPPO to determine whether your complaint contains specific allegations of fact
giving reasonable cause to believe that a violation of FERPA has occurred may result in, among other things,
the dismissal or return of your complaint to you in order to obtain additional information needed by SPPO to
further consider your complaint. If your complaint is dismissed, you may choose to resubmit a new complaint
per the instructions set forth above and in accordance with the requirements of FERPA.
Also, you should be aware that, when reviewing, investigating, or processing your complaint, SPPO may
disclose, without your prior, written consent and pursuant to routine uses of the records that have been
published in the system of records notice covering FERPA complaints information contained in your
complaint, such as the name of the complainant, the name of the student if the student did not submit the
complaint, and the alleged violation(s), including, but not limited, to the educational agency or institution
against which your complaint has been made.
SECTIONS 1 & 2: STUDENT AND COMPLAINANT INFORMATION
To complete these sections, please provide all requested information, including the student's correct birthdate.
An attorney or advocate may file a complaint on behalf of a parent or an eligible student; however, SPPO will
not discuss the complaint with the attorney or advocate without the prior, written consent of the parent or
eligible student, as applicable. SPPO will dismiss anonymous complaints and complaints filed by a party other
than the parent or eligible student who maintains FERPA rights over the education records that are the subject
of the complaint, or his or her attorney or advocate. Please note that a parent of an eligible student does not
maintain rights over the education records of the eligible student and may not file a complaint alleging that his
or her rights as a parent under FERPA have been violated.
SECTION 3: EDUCATIONAL AGENCY OR INSTITUTION INFORMATION
This section requires that you provide, among other information, the name and address of the current
superintendent of the school district, the president of the college or university, the State educational agency
(SEA) official (if alleging denial to inspect and review education records maintained by the SEA), or the
appropriate official of a third party that you are alleging violated FERPA. FERPA applies directly to
educational agencies and institutions that receive Federal funds under programs administered by the
Department. For instance, private elementary and secondary schools generally do not receive funds from the
Department and are, therefore, not generally subject to FERPA. SPPO generally will dismiss complaints filed
against elementary or secondary schools that are not listed on the Department’s National Center for Education
Statistics Public School website (available at https://nces.ed.gov/ccd/schoolsearch/). Please note that it is
extremely important that you enter the specific date (mm/dd/yyyy) of the alleged violation in this section for us
to accurately determine the timeliness of your complaint. As stated above, a complaint must be filed within
180 days of the alleged violation or within 180 days after the complainant knew or reasonably should have
known of the alleged violation.
SECTION 4: FERPA VIOLATION INFORMATION
In describing the alleged violations, you must respond to all of the information requested in the heading(s) that
pertain to the nature of your complaint. For instance, if you are alleging a violation based on denial of access to
your, or your child’s, education records, you must (1) list the education records you requested; (2) indicate that
the educational institution or agency maintains the requested education records and how the education records
are maintained (if known); (3) provide the date(s) and means by which you requested access; (4)

2

indicate the name and position of the official(s) to whom you made the request for access to the education
records; and (5) describe any response received to your request or any actions taken by the educational agency
or institution in response to your request. Your response should only include the relevant facts that would give
reasonable cause to believe that a violation of FERPA has occurred. To the greatest extent possible, please
limit your response to the space provided in this Complaint Form; if more space is needed, you may attach
additional documents in which you further describe your complaint. Failure to provide any of the required
information may result in your complaint being dismissed or returned to you for additional clarification, which
would delay the processing, and might impact the timeliness, of your complaint.
SECTION 5: CORRESPONDENCE INFORMATION
If there is any correspondence or other information, such as newspaper articles, website postings, email or
letter exchanges, that substantiates your allegations, please briefly describe it in this section. You may also
attach copies of relevant documents that support your allegations. Please note that SPPO will not accept the
submission of audio or video files, CD/DVDs, or thumb drives. Also, the submission of nonessential,
voluminous, or nonresponsive information may, among other things, delay the processing, or result in the
dismissal or return, of your complaint.
SECTION 6: CERTIFICATION
Certify that the information you have provided in the Complaint Form is true and correct under penalty of
perjury by typing in your name in the signature space, if filing electronically, or by printing out the Complaint
Form and signing it, if filing by mail.

3

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act

Instructions: Complete the fields below for Sections 1-6. Periodically save the form to avoid losing information. If you make an error, click the
Reset Form button at the bottom of the page to reset form fields. Click the submit button at the bottom of the page to submit your form to the
Student Privacy Policy Office (SPPO) as previously described in the instructions section on Page 1.
SECTION 1: STUDENT INFORMATION

First Name Last Name Student Date of Birth

SECTION 2: COMPLAINANT INFORMATION

Your relationship to the student whose education records are the subject of this complaint. (If an attorney or advocate, please note that
SPPO will not discuss the complaint with you without the prior consent of the parent or eligible student who maintains the rights under
FERPA.)
Parent or Legal Guardian Self Other (ex. Attorney/advocate on behalf of the parent or eligible student)
Title: First Name: Last Name:

Street Address Phone Number

City State Zip Email

By listing an email address, you are giving SPPO
permission to use the email address to contact you.

SECTION 3: EDUCATIONAL AGENCY OR INSTITUTION INFORMATION

Name and the school district, college/university, or State educational agency (SEA) (if alleging denial to inspect and review education
records maintained by the SEA) that is the subject of the complaint.
Name of educational agency or institution or SEA Phone Number

Mailing Address Dates Attended

City State Zip Date of Alleged Violation

Name and title of school official (ex. school district superintendent, the president of the college/university, or state educational agency (SEA)
official (if alleging denial to inspect and review education records maintained by the SEA) or the appropriate official of a third party)

ED-EMVC.002.3 4/22 ED 162; SORN Citation 64 30107 (18-05-02)
Page 1 of 4
AURORA GAWOR 07-19-2022

KATHRYN DRESSLER

1011 ELBERT STREET

DARIEN GA 31305

561-870-9988

KATHRYNDRESSLER@GMAIL.COM

Todd Grant Elementary / McIntosh County School District

1102 C A Devillars Rd

DARIEN GA 31305
(912) 437-6675

JULY 31, 2025
3-24-25 - 7-31-25

DR. MELISSA H. WILLIAMS, MCINTOSH COUNTY SCHOOLS SUPERINTENDENT; MR. DELMANO MITCHELL, TODD GRANT ELEMENTARY PRINCIPAL

SECTION 4: FERPA VIOLATION INFORMATION
What is the nature of the alleged FERPA violation? Please provide clear, succinct responses addressing all of the information
requested in the heading(s) that pertain to your complaint.

If you have been denied access to your, or your child’s, education record(s): (1) list the education record(s) you requested from the
educational agency or institution; (2) indicate whether the educational agency or institution maintains the requested education
record(s) and, if so, how the education record(s) is maintained (if known) and the period of time such record(s) is retained (if known);
(3) provide the date(s) and means by which you requested access to the education record(s); (4) indicate the name and position of the
official(s) to whom you made the request for access to the education record(s); and, (5) describe any response that you received to your
request or any action(s) taken by the educational agency or institution in response to your request.

If you have been denied the opportunity to amend your, or your child’s education record(s): (1) describe the education record(s)
you sought to amend; (2) the information in the education record(s) that you wanted amended and the specific correction that you
requested to such information; (3) the reason you believe that the information in the education record(s) is misleading, inaccurately
recorded, or an invasion of your, or your child’s right to privacy; (4) the date you requested to amend the education record(s); (5)
the name and title of the school official to whom you made the request to amend your, or your child’s education record(s); (6) any
response that you received to your request or any action(s) taken by the educational agency or institution in response to your request;
and, (7) the result of any hearing held by the educational agency or institution on the matter.

ED-EMVC.002.3 4/22 ED 162; SORN Citation 64 30107 (18-05-02)
Page 2 of 4

KD

KD

Not applicable at this time because the district has refused access to Aurora’s complete education record.
However, the district’s unauthorized withdrawal and transfer necessarily resulted in materially inaccurate
and misleading withdrawal/transfer entries, which I intend to request amendment of once access is granted.
(See Attachment 1 for full Section 4 & 5 narrative and correspondence list.)
Nature of Alleged FERPA Violation
I am the enrolling parent and sole legal custodial parent of Aurora “Rory” Gawor. Todd Grant Elementary and
McIntosh County School District violated FERPA by:
(1) transferring my child’s education records to an out-of-state Florida school without my prior written
consent, without my knowledge, and without any notification whatsoever; and
(2) denying me access to my child’s education records and required disclosure documentation after I
learned of the unauthorized transfer.
Denial of Access (34 C.F.R. § 99.10; § 99.32)
(1) Records requested: Aurora’s full education file, all withdrawal/transfer forms, identity of
receiving Florida school, copies of records sent, copies of documents submitted by the requesting
party, and the FERPA disclosure/access log.
(2) The district maintains these records in its official student record system and necessarily
maintains transfer documentation because staff confirmed a records request was received and records were
sent.
(3) Requests made by email on August 4, 2025 and August 5, 2025.
(4) Requests directed to Christina Smith (front office), Todd Grant Elementary official email,
Dr. Melissa H. Williams (Superintendent), and other school/district officials.
(5) The district failed to provide the records, disclosure/access log, withdrawal/transfer
documentation, and failed to identify the receiving Florida school.
(See Attachment 1 for full Section 4 & 5 narrative and correspondence list.)

If your, or your child’s, education record(s) or personally identifiable information from such education record(s) was improperly
disclosed without your prior, written consent, indicate specifically: (1) what education record(s) and/or personally identifiable
information was disclosed and the date of such disclosure (if known); (2) whether the information disclosed was recorded in the
student's education records; (3) the name and title, or job function, of the school official who made the disclosure; (4) the individual to
whom the disclosure was made and relationship, if any, to the educational agency or institution, and to the student; (5) the
circumstances under which the disclosure was made; (6) how and when (date) you became aware of the disclosure; and, (7) a
description of any communication between you and the disclosing individual or entity, as applicable, regarding the disclosure.

SECTION 5: CORRESPONDENCE INFORMATION

Describe any correspondence, such as newspaper articles, website postings, email or letter exchanges, that substantiates the information
specifically required in Section 4 above. You may also attach copies of those relevant documents that support your allegations. Please note
that we will not accept the submission of audio or video files, CD/DVDs, or thumb drives. Also, the submission of nonessential, voluminous, or
nonresponsive information may, among other things, delay the processing of your complaint, and could result in the dismissal and return of
your complaint.

ED-EMVC.002.3 4/22 ED 162; SORN Citation 64 30107 (18-05-02)
Page 3 of 4

KD

Improper Disclosure/Transfer Without Consent (34 C.F.R. §§ 99.30, 99.31(a)(2), 99.34)
On August 6, 2025, school counselor Jessica Parker confirmed in writing: “We received a records
request on July 31st and have sent Aurora’s records to the new school.” I was never notified prior to
transfer, did not consent, and the identity of the receiving school has been withheld. The transfer was
processed despite my status as the enrolling and sole custodial parent, and without verified legal
authority for the requesting party.
I request SPPO require the district to produce Aurora’s complete education record, all
withdrawal/transfer documentation, the identity of the receiving Florida school, and the FERPA
disclosure/access log.
(See Attachment 1 for full Section 4 & 5 narrative and correspondence list.)

Supporting correspondence consists of:
(1) enrollment documentation confirming
I was the enrolling parent/sole custodial parent (3/21/25);
(2) school-created records
and emails documenting educational planning, trauma impacts, and hospitalizations
(4/1/25, 4/16/25, 4/29–5/1/25, 5/7–5/12/25, 5/16/25);
(3) my written notice and demand
for records/disclosure log after discovery of unauthorized release (8/4/25 and 8/5/25);
and
(4) the school’s written confirmation that Aurora’s records were transferred out of
state on request dated 7/31/25 (confirmed 8/6/25 by School Counselor Jessica Parker).
Original FERPA complaint package was submitted to SPPO on 11/20/25 (within 180 days of
discovery) and SPPO receipt acknowledgment was received 12/19/25. Supporting documents
were included with the original submission and are available again upon request;
additional detail is provided in Attachment 1.

SECTION 6: CERTIFICATION

I certify underpenaltyof perjurythat the foregoingis true andcorrect.
Signature: Date:

Privacy Act Statement. The Department is authorized to solicit the information contained in this Form by 20 U.S.C. 1232g. Your disclosure of the information requested on this
Form is voluntary, but if you fail to provide any of the information, it may result in, among other things, your complaint being dismissed or returned to you for additional
clarification. The principal purpose for which the information requested on this Form will be used is to resolve your complaint and determine whether the educational agency or
institution violated FERPA. The Department has published the routine uses for which the information requested on this Form may be used in a system of records notice entitled
"Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and the Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment (PPRA) Record Systems (18-05-02), which was last published in the
Federal Register on June 4, 1999 (64 Fed. Reg. 30106, 30123-24). The routine uses include, but are not limited to, disclosing records to the educational agency or institution
against which a complaint has been made or the State Educational Agency in that State. The Department may modify and update this system of records notice, in which case that
update in addition to the Department's other systems of records notices may be found at: https://www2.ed.gov/notices/ed-pia.html. The effects of not providing any of the
requested information on this Form may include, among other things, that your complaint is dismissed or returned to you for additional clarification.
Paperwork Burden Notice. According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a
valid Office of Management and Budget (OMB) control number. The valid OMB control number for this information collection is 1880-0544. Public reporting burden for this
collection of information is estimated to average 30 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instructions, searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the
data needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. Obligation to respond is voluntary. If you have questions on your individual submission of this form, write
directly to: Student Privacy Policy Office, U.S. Department of Education, 400 Maryland Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20202-8520.

ED-EMVC.002.3 4/22 ED 162; SORN Citation 64 30107 (18-05-02)
Page 4 of 4
Reset Form Print Form Submit Form

2-12-26

Page 1 of 18

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
Student Privacy Policy Office (SPPO)
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) Complaint
FERPA Tracking Number: #26-0073

ATTACHMENT 1

FERPA COMPLAINT – SECTION 4 & 5 NARRATIVE

• Complainant: Kathryn Stillwell Dressler
• Student: Aurora “Rory” Gawor (DOB 07/22/2019)
• School: Todd Grant Elementary, McIntosh County School District
• Date of Alleged Violation: July 31, 2025
• Date Discovered: August 4–6, 2025
• Date Original FERPA Complaint Submitted to SPPO: November 20, 2025
• SPPO Acknowledgment Received: December 19, 2025 (auto-reply
confirmation)
• Timeliness Statement: This complaint was submitted within 180 days of the
date the Complainant knew or reasonably should have known of the alleged
FERPA violations.

Page 2 of 18

Purpose of Attachment:
This attachment is submitted to provide complete, clearly organized responses to the
prompts in Sections 4 and 5 of the FERPA Complaint Form where the space provided is
insufficient.
It is intended to be read as part of, and incorporated into, the Complaint Form
submission.
Additional detail and supporting documentation are provided in the attached narrative
and exhibits.

SECTION 4 – FERPA VIOLATION INFORMATION

Nature of the Alleged FERPA Violation

I am filing this complaint as the parent, enrolling parent, and sole legal custodial parent
of Aurora “Rory” Gawor.
Todd Grant Elementary and McIntosh County School District violated FERPA by:
1. Disclosing and transferring my child’s education records to an out-of-state school
without my prior written consent, without my knowledge, and without any
notification whatsoever;

Page 3 of 18
2. Allowing access to education records and school-related materials (including
graduation photographs) by individuals not authorized or listed as parents on
Aurora’s school records;
3. Failing to verify lawful parental authority before disclosing education records;
4. Failing to make a reasonable attempt to notify me before transferring records;
5. Failing to maintain and provide the FERPA disclosure/access log required to
account for who requested and received my child’s records;
6. Creating and maintaining materially inaccurate and misleading withdrawal and
transfer entries in Aurora’s education record; and
7. Denying me access to my child’s education records after I learned of the
unauthorized disclosure.
These actions implicate 34 C.F.R. §§ 99.10, 99.30, 99.31(a)(2), 99.32, and 99.34.

Denial of Access to Education Records
(34 C.F.R. §§ 99.10; 99.32)
(1) Education Records Requested
After learning that Aurora’s records were released and transferred out of state without
my knowledge, I requested complete access to and copies of:
• Aurora’s full cumulative education file
• All withdrawal documentation

Page 4 of 18

• All transfer forms and related communications
• The identity of the receiving Florida school
• Copies of all records sent to the receiving school
• Copies of any documentation submitted by the requesting party
• The FERPA disclosure/access log documenting who requested and/or received
Aurora’s education records
These requests were made in writing.

(2) Whether the District Maintains the Requested Records

The district maintains Aurora’s education records as part of its official student record
system, including:
• Enrollment documents
• Academic records
• Behavioral documentation
• Assessment results
• Attendance records
• Health/medical excuse documentation
• Records-transfer/withdrawal documentation

Page 5 of 18
The district necessarily maintains records related to the transfer because staff confirmed
that a records request was received and records were sent.
The district also created and maintained education records during Aurora’s enrollment,
including written teacher documentation dated April 16, 2025 and May 16, 2025.

(3) Dates and Means by Which Access Was Requested

I requested access in writing via email on:
• August 4, 2025
• August 5, 2025 (formal written demand)

(4) Officials to Whom Requests Were Made

August 4, 2025 request:
• Christina Smith – Front Office Staff, Todd Grant Elementary
August 5, 2025 formal written demand sent to:
• mcintoshelementary@mcintosh.k12.ga.us
• djohnson@mcintosh.k12.ga.us
• Dr. Melissa H. Williams – Superintendent, McIntosh County School District
• Ms. K. Howard – Teacher, Todd Grant Elementary

Page 6 of 18

• ferpa.complaints@ed.gov
• askdoe@gadoe.org
Cc:
• civilrights@ed.gov
• usagan.contactus@usdoj.gov
• civilrightsintake@usdoj.gov
• inspectorgeneralhotline@dhs.ga.gov
This complaint also concerns actions by:
• Mr. Delmano Mitchell – Principal, Todd Grant Elementary

(5) Response Received

The district:
• Did not provide the requested education records
• Did not provide the FERPA disclosure/access log
• Did not provide withdrawal/transfer documentation
• Did not provide the identity of the Florida receiving school
• Did not provide copies of the records sent out of state

Page 7 of 18
The district failed to produce the records necessary for me to inspect and review my
child’s education records and determine who accessed them.

2) Improper Disclosure and Interstate Transfer Without Consent

(34 C.F.R. §§ 99.30; 99.31(a)(2); 99.34)
Aurora’s education records were transferred out of state without my written consent,
without my knowledge, and without any notification whatsoever.
I learned of the disclosure only after my mother went in person to Todd Grant
Elementary to retrieve Aurora’s kindergarten graduation photographs, which I personally
purchased.
At that time:
• Staff stated they “could not find” the photographs;
• My mother was given inconsistent explanations;
• Only after she insisted she would return the following day did staff admit the
photographs had been released to Paul Gawor and/or Anita Hassell.
This prompted my August 4, 2025 written request for clarification.
On August 6, 2025, School Counselor Jessica Parker emailed:
“We received a records request on July 31st and have sent Aurora’s records to the new

school.”

Page 8 of 18

This was the first notice I received of any transfer.
I:
• Was not notified prior to the transfer;
• Did not provide written consent;
• Was not informed of the identity of the receiving school.
The transfer occurred despite the district’s knowledge that:
• I am the enrolling parent;
• I am the sole custodial parent;
• Paul Gawor was not listed as an authorized parent;
• No verified court order granted educational decision-making authority.
The district failed to verify parental authority, failed to notify me, and failed to provide
required disclosure documentation.

Amendment of Education Records

(Not applicable at this time due to denial of access)
The district’s refusal to provide Aurora’s complete education record prevents me from
formally submitting a detailed amendment request.

Page 9 of 18
However, Aurora’s education record necessarily now contains materially false and
misleading entries arising from an unauthorized withdrawal and interstate transfer
initiated by a non-custodial individual without verified legal authority.
Any documentation reflecting:
• A lawful withdrawal,
• Authorized parental action by the requesting party, or
• A valid transfer to a Florida school
is materially inaccurate and misleading.
Because no verified custody order or legally binding document granted educational
decision-making authority to the requesting party, any withdrawal or transfer entries
misrepresent who had lawful authority over Aurora’s education records.
Upon production of the complete education record and disclosure log, I intend to
request amendment of all inaccurate entries and reserve my right to request a FERPA
hearing if amendment is denied.

Improper Disclosure Without Written Consent

(1)Records Disclosed

On or about July 31, 2025, Aurora’s education records were transferred to an out-of-
state Florida school.

Page 10 of 18

Records disclosed necessarily include:
• Enrollment records
• Academic documentation
• Behavioral documentation
• Assessment results
• Attendance records
• School communications
Graduation photographs were also released without consent.

(2)Whether Disclosure Was Recorded

Yes. The school described the transfer as sending “Aurora’s records,” which are
education records maintained by the district.

(3)School Official Who Made the Disclosure

Jessica Parker
School Counselor
Todd Grant Elementary

Page 11 of 18

(4)Recipient of Disclosure

An undisclosed Florida school.
Based on circumstances, the request was initiated by:
• Paul Gawor (non-custodial father), and/or
• Anita Hassell (paternal grandmother)
Neither presented verified educational authority.

(5)Circumstances

The district transferred records:
• Without written consent;
• Without verifying authority;
• Without notifying the enrolling parent.

(6)How Disclosure Was Discovered

Discovered after the graduation photo incident and confirmed in writing on August 6,
2025.

Page 12 of 18

(7)Communications After Discovery

Written communications were sent August 4 and August 5 requesting:
• Complete education file
• Withdrawal/transfer documentation
• Receiving school identity
• Copies of records sent
• FERPA disclosure log
The district has not produced the requested documentation.

SECTION 5 – CORRESPONDENCE
INFORMATION

(Expanded Narrative Attachment – Section 4 Support)
The following correspondence substantiates the FERPA violations described in Section
4.
These documents were incorporated into and submitted with my original FERPA
complaint package to the Student Privacy Policy Office (SPPO) on November 20, 2025,
and are available again upon request.

Page 13 of 18

Additional detail is provided in the attached narrative and exhibits.

March 21, 2025 – Enrollment Documentation
Enrollment documentation submitted by Kathryn Dressler to Christina Smith (Todd
Grant Elementary).
This establishes that I was the enrolling parent and sole point of contact for Aurora’s
education records.

April 1, 2025 – 2025–2026 School Year Retention Request
Email regarding 2025–2026 school year retention request. I requested that Aurora
repeat kindergarten for consistency and academic stabilization following disruption and
trauma-related instability.

April 16, 2025 – Teacher Behavioral Note (Miss Howard)
This written documentation details behavioral escalation beginning the week of April 16,
immediately following the onset of forced supervised visitation with her father PAUL
GAWOR which occurred at f.a.c.e.s. facility in Fort Lauderdale--the ONLY form of legal
contact he has been permitted since his arrest, charge (May 2, 2022) and guilty plea for
domestic battery on me in her direct presence (Nov 2022).
Mrs. Howard's note including argument initiation, emotional dysregulation, and concerns
about adjustment. We spoke by phone and I explained the circumstances.

Page 14 of 18
Mrs. Howard referred me to Mrs. Parker, who I also spoke to by phone, who then
immediately referred Aurora for independent trauma counseling through Apex
Counseling, which was to occur during school hours and as covered through her
Georgia Medicaid.
These records and correspondences demonstrate the school’s documented awareness
of trauma-related behavioral impact, and recent hospitalizations.

April 29–May 1, 2025 – First Hospitalization Communications
Emails documenting emergency care and medical excusal information provided to the
school.

May 7–May 12, 2025 – Second Hospitalization Communications
Emails documenting pediatric evaluation, surgical monitoring, and discharge
documentation provided to the school.

May 16, 2025 – Academic & Behavioral Assessment Summary (Miss Howard)
This formal written evaluation states Aurora was functioning below kindergarten
benchmarks and strongly recommends retention in kindergarten for stability and
academic development.

Page 15 of 18
August 4, 2025 – “Request for Immediate Clarification Regarding Record Release
and Graduation Photos”
This email documents my written request for confirmation of whether Aurora’s records or
materials were released, to whom, and on what authority, after learning that her
graduation photos had been released without my knowledge.

August 5, 2025 – Formal Written Demand to School and District Leadership
Formal written demand email sent to Todd Grant Elementary and McIntosh County
School District leadership (including Superintendent Dr. Melissa H. Williams and
Principal Mr. Delmano Mitchell), demanding production of Aurora’s complete education
record, withdrawal/transfer documentation, identity of the receiving Florida school, and
FERPA disclosure/access log.

August 6, 2025 – Confirmation of Records Transfer (Jessica Parker, School
Counselor)
Email from Jessica Parker confirming the school received a records request on July 31,
2025 and had already sent Aurora’s records to a new school.

FORMAL COMPLAINT SUBMISSION + FOLLOW-UP DOCUMENTATION
(TIMELINESS + CONTINUING NONCOMPLIANCE)
November 20, 2025 – Original FERPA Complaint Submission to SPPO

Page 16 of 18
Email submission of the FERPA complaint to FERPA.Complaints@ed.gov, documenting
the unauthorized withdrawal and interstate transfer of education records and the denial
of access to required disclosure documentation.

November 20, 2025 – Georgia Department of Education Complaint Submission
Email submission to askdoe@gadoe.org regarding unlawful withdrawal, unauthorized
records release, and student safety violations.

December 19, 2025 – SPPO Acknowledgment of Receipt (Auto-Reply)
Auto-reply confirmation acknowledging receipt of the FERPA complaint submission.

December 19, 2025 – Follow-Up / Escalation Email (“URGENT: FERPA Violations,
Student Record Concealment, and Obstruction...”)
Follow-up correspondence referencing the original FERPA submission and documenting
continued refusal by the district to disclose the receiving school, produce the education
record, or provide the FERPA disclosure/access log.

Follow-Up Attempt(s) After Submission
After submitting the complaint, I attempted follow-up consistent with SPPO instructions
and retained documentation of SPPO’s auto-reply acknowledgment and the district’s

Page 17 of 18

continued refusal to provide the requested education records and disclosure
documentation.

Closing Statement
This correspondence is provided to substantiate the specific Section 4 allegations and
to confirm that the complaint was timely filed.
The referenced emails, teacher notes, assessments, and documentation were already
incorporated into and submitted with my original FERPA complaint package to SPPO on
November 20, 2025, and are available again upon request.
To the extent SPPO requires resubmission of any portion of the previously submitted
documentation for administrative completeness, I respectfully request that SPPO
confirm which specific items are missing or required so that I do not submit duplicative
or unnecessarily voluminous materials.

Summary

The documentation demonstrates that:
• The school maintained extensive education records, including trauma-related
and medically sensitive records
• The school released education records and school materials without notifying the
enrolling parent

Page 18 of 18

• The school transferred records out of state without consent
• The district failed to provide the FERPA disclosure/access log
• The district denied access to requested education records after written demand
• The complainant submitted a timely complaint within the 180-day window and
documented follow-up efforts
Additional detail is provided in this attachment and the materials previously submitted.

Verification / Certification

I certify under penalty of perjury that the statements contained in this Attachment 1 are
true and correct.
This attachment is submitted to clarify and organize information already provided in my
original FERPA complaint submission dated November 20, 2025, associated with
FERPA Tracking Number #26-0073.

__________________
KATHRYN DRESSLER
KATHRYNDRESSLER@GMAIL.COM
561-870-9988
RE: FERPA COMPLAINT #26-0073

OFFICIAL FERPA COMPLAINT

TO:
Family Policy Compliance Office
U.S. Department of Education
400 Maryland Avenue, SW
Washington, DC 20202-8520
FERPA.Complaints@ed.gov

Subject: FERPA Complaint – Unauthorized Disclosure, Withdrawal, and Interstate Transfer
of Student Records (Todd Grant Elementary, McIntosh County School District, GA)

I. Complainant
Kathryn Stillwell Dressler
1011 Elbert Street
Darien, Georgia 31305
Phone: 561-870-9988
Email: kathryndressler@gmail.com
II. Student
Aurora “Rory” Gawor
Date of Birth: July 22, 2019
III. School/District
Todd Grant Elementary
McIntosh County School District
Darien, Georgia

IV. FERPA COMPLAINT
I submit this complaint under FERPA (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99) for the unlawful
release, withdrawal, concealment, and transfer of my child’s education records by Todd
Grant Elementary and McIntosh County School District, despite:
• my status as sole legal and physical custodial parent;
• the school’s actual written notice of domestic violence;
• the school’s actual written notice of my disabilities;
• the school’s written receipt of medical-fragility documentation;
• the school’s knowledge that Aurora had PTSD / trauma history;
• Georgia’s exclusive UCCJEA home-state jurisdiction; and
• the fact that Father had no court order granting him parental or educational
decision-making authority.
These actions violated FERPA, Georgia law, the ADA, VAWA, and CAPTA, and directly
facilitated the concealment and unlawful transfer of a medically fragile, trauma-affected
Georgia child to an out-of-state location.

V. BACKGROUND – HOME STATE, PRIOR
ENROLLMENT, HOMESCHOOL REGISTRATION
A. Georgia Was Aurora’s UCCJEA “Home State”
Under O.C.G.A. § 19-9-41(7), Georgia was Aurora’s home state because:
• she lived with me in Georgia for more than 6 consecutive months before the
withdrawal;
• she attended school in Georgia (Glynn County + McIntosh County);
• she received medical and counseling services in Georgia;
• her entire residency and care were anchored in Georgia.
Under O.C.G.A. § 19-9-62, Georgia retained exclusive, continuing jurisdiction, and no
other state had the authority to determine custody or enable educational withdrawal.

B. Prior Enrollment in Glynn County (St. Simons Elementary)
Before enrollment at Todd Grant Elementary, Aurora was a student in the Glynn County
Public School System, attending St. Simons Elementary School.
This establishes a continuous record of Georgia educational residency.
C. GaDOE Homeschool Registration Completed
Prior to enrolling Aurora at Todd Grant Elementary, I had:
• submitted formal homeschool enrollment under GaDOE,
• and received acknowledgment for her homeschooling status.
I fully intended to continue homeschooling Aurora until Fall 2025–2026.
D. Todd Grant Induced Early Enrollment
I enrolled Aurora at Todd Grant in March 2025 ONLY because:
• staff assured me she would be safe,
• staff assured me they were aware of Paul’s domestic-violence history,
• staff assured me they would protect her,
• staff assured me they were prepared to support trauma and medical needs.
Had Todd Grant not encouraged enrollment:
➡ Aurora NEVER would have been able to be secretly withdrawn, transferred, or
concealed by an out-of-state abuser.
This is crucial to understanding the magnitude of the district’s misconduct.

VI. CUSTODY & DOMESTIC VIOLENCE HISTORY
KNOWN TO SCHOOL

A. Sole Custody & Father’s Criminal History
I have been Aurora’s sole custodial parent since May 2, 2022, when her father, Paul
Gawor, was:

• arrested for domestic battery on me in Aurora’s presence (Case No.
22002865MM10A, Broward County, FL);
• he later pleaded guilty, resulting in a domestic violence conviction.
There is no custody order, no parenting plan, and no restored rights giving him authority
to withdraw her or access her education records.
The school had this information in writing.
B. Domestic Violence Disclosures to Staff
• Teacher Ms. Howard
• Guidance counselor Ms. Parker
• Front-office staff Christina Smith
were explicitly informed that:
• Aurora and I are legally adjudicated, documented domestic violence survivors;
• Paul is a convicted abuser;
• Aurora has PTSD and trauma episodes;
• Aurora previously disclosed fear of her father.
All this was ignored.

VII. SCHOOL’S ACTUAL KNOWLEDGE OF MEDICAL
FRAGILITY

Between May 7–12, 2025, I documented to staff:
• emergency hospitalization at Memorial Health Children’s Hospital (Savannah);
• evaluation by pediatric surgeons;
• concern for early appendicitis;
• after-visit discharge instructions;
• excusal notes;
• photos of Aurora attached to monitors and IV equipment.

Staff acknowledged this.
Todd Grant KNEW Aurora was:
• medically fragile,
• under surgical monitoring,
• and required continuity of care.
They STILL released her records and allowed an unauthorized withdrawal.

VIII. UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OF RECORDS TO
NON-CUSTODIAL FATHER (and out-of-state
resident)
FERPA requires the school to:
• confirm parental status (34 C.F.R. §§ 99.3, 99.4),
• obtain written consent (§ 99.30),
• maintain access logs (§ 99.32).
Instead, the school allowed:
• Paul Gawor (non-custodial, FL-state resident, with NO rights or ANY lawful custody
order), and/or
• his mother, Anita Hassell,
to obtain:
• access to campus
• access to staff
• access to all of her student information,
• and Aurora’s paid graduation photos (in MY NAME)
and to:
• TRANSFER HER OUT OF TODD GRANT ELEMENTARY AND THE GEORGIA PUBLIC
SCHOOL SYSTEM TO AN UNKNOWN AND UNDISCLOSED SCHOOL IN FLORIDA

WITHOUT/ABSENT ANY AND ALL:
a) ANY NOTICE, KNOWLEDGE, VERIFICATION, DISCUSSION, OR AGREEMENT BY ME –
HER SOLE CUSTODIAL PARENT, HER SOLE ENROLLING PARENT, AND THE ONLY
PARENT WITH GEORGIA RESIDENCY OR LAWFUL STANDING IN THIS STATE

IX. SECRET WITHDRAWAL & INTERSTATE TRANSFER
OF RECORDS

On August 6, 2025, school counselor Jessica Parker emailed me:
“We received a records request on July 31st and have sent Aurora’s records to the new
school.”
This was the first I learned of any transfer.
I was:
• never notified;
• never asked to consent;
• never involved;
• never provided documentation;
• never given identity of the Florida school.
Under 34 C.F.R. § 99.34, the school was REQUIRED to:
• notify me,
• verify legitimate transfer,
• and maintain a record of the request.
They did NONE of this.

X. FERPA VIOLATIONS – BY STATUTE

1. 34 C.F.R. § 99.10(a)

Failure to provide access to education records within 45 days.
2. 34 C.F.R. § 99.30
Unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information without parental consent.
3. 34 C.F.R. § 99.31(a)(2)
Improper reliance on the “transfer exception” without verifying enrollment intent or
providing notice.
4. 34 C.F.R. § 99.34(b)
Failure to make a reasonable attempt to notify the custodial parent before records transfer.
5. 34 C.F.R. §§ 99.3, 99.4
Failure to verify that the requester was a parent with legal rights.
6. 34 C.F.R. § 99.32
Failure to maintain and provide the access/disclosure log.

XI. LEGAL OBLIGATIONS OF SCHOOLS – FEDERAL &
STATE (For Reference and Compliance)
A. SCHOOLS’ MANDATORY DUTIES UNDER FERPA (FEDERAL LAW)

Under FERPA, 20 U.S.C. § 1232g and 34 C.F.R. Part 99, public schools must:
1. Provide timely access to education records
34 C.F.R. § 99.10(a)
Schools must allow a custodial parent to inspect and review their child’s
education records within 45 days of receiving a request.
The district denied access altogether.
2. Obtain written parental consent before disclosing personally identifiable
information

34 C.F.R. § 99.30(a)
A school must obtain a signed, dated written consent specifying:
(a) the records to be disclosed;
(b) the purpose of the disclosure
(c) and the parties to whom disclosure may be made.

No such consent was obtained.
3. Verify the requester’s parental rights before releasing any records
34 C.F.R. §§ 99.3, 99.4
A “parent” includes only individuals with legal rights under custody orders
or legally binding documents.
Schools must honor court orders restricting access and must verify
parental authority prior to disclosure.

The district failed to confirm custody status and treated a non-custodial, out-
of-state parent as if he held full FERPA rights.

4. Comply with strict conditions when transferring records to another
school

34 C.F.R. § 99.31(a)(2) and § 99.34(b)
Disclosure without consent is permitted only when the student is
legitimately transferring schools and the district:
• makes a reasonable attempt to notify the custodial parent,
• verifies the receiving school is a lawful placement, and
• includes the transfer in its annual FERPA notice.
The district notified me of the transfer only after the records were
sent.

5. Maintain a record of all disclosures (access-log requirement)

34 C.F.R. § 99.32(a)
Schools must keep a disclosure log documenting:

• who requested or received records, and
• the legitimate interest for receiving them.
• This log must itself be provided to the parent upon request.

The district has refused to provide this record.

B. GEORGIA LAW REQUIREMENTS FOR PARENTAL ACCESS,
WITHDRAWAL, AND CUSTODY VERIFICATION

The Georgia Code imposes additional mandatory duties on school districts.
1. O.C.G.A. § 20-2-720 – Parental right to access records
Georgia law guarantees a custodial parent the right to inspect and obtain records.
The district failed to provide records despite multiple requests.
2. O.C.G.A. § 20-2-780 – Withdrawal and transfer procedures
Schools must:
• verify the identity and custodial authority of the person initiating withdrawal;
• maintain proper documentation;
• follow local board policy;
• avoid enabling concealment or unlawful removal.
The district allowed withdrawal by a non-custodial, out-of-state parent with
no lawful authority.

3. Georgia’s UCCJEA (O.C.G.A. §§ 19-9-40 to 19-9-64)
Under the UCCJEA:
• Georgia was Aurora’s “home state” (§ 19-9-41(7));
• “Enforcement” or “pickup” orders are not custody determinations (§ 19-9-
41(3));

• Georgia retained exclusive, continuing jurisdiction (§ 19-9-62).
The district improperly treated a non-custody enforcement order as a valid
custody award.

C. RELATED CIVIL RIGHTS OBLIGATIONS – ADA, VAWA & CAPTA
1. ADA Title II (28 C.F.R. §§ 35.130, 35.160)
Schools are “public entities” required to:
• ensure effective communication with disabled parents;
• modify policies where necessary to avoid discrimination;
• accommodate written communication needs for medically fragile families.
By failing to notify or communicate with me, the district denied my ADA rights.
2. VAWA (34 U.S.C. § 12291 et seq.)
Schools receiving federal funding must not engage in conduct that:
• empowers abusers;
• disregards documented domestic-violence risks;
• facilitates concealment or coercive control.
The district’s actions directly enabled further abuse and coercion.
3. CAPTA (42 U.S.C. § 5101 et seq.)
Mandatory-reporting obligations apply to school staff who know a child is:
• medically fragile,
• trauma-affected,
• exposed to domestic violence.
Instead of protecting Aurora, the district facilitated her removal to an
undisclosed out-of-state location.

SUMMARY
These federal and state laws establish the duties the district was required to follow.
The district violated every category above:

• FERPA,
• Georgia education statutes,
• UCCJEA jurisdiction,
• the ADA,
• VAWA, and
• CAPTA

These violations directly contributed to the unlawful withdrawal, concealment, and
endangerment of a protected Georgia child and to the deprivation of my rights as the sole
custodial parent.

XII. CIVIL RIGHTS & CHILD SAFETY VIOLATIONS

• ADA Title II – 28 C.F.R. §§ 35.130, 35.160
Excluding a disabled custodial parent from essential decisions = discrimination.
• VAWA – 34 U.S.C. § 12291
Releasing a domestic violence victim’s child to the abuser = prohibited conduct.
• CAPTA – 42 U.S.C. § 5101 et seq.
Mandatory-reporting obligations violated by enabling concealment and withdrawal
of a medically fragile domestic violence-exposed child.

XIII. RELATED FEDERAL CASE (Context Only)
These events are part of a broader federal civil-rights emergency pending in:
• U.S. District Court – Southern District of Florida
Case No. 25-CV-61554
I do NOT request FPCO intervene in that case.
I request education-records relief under FERPA, fully within FPCO jurisdiction.

XIV. RELATED APPELLATE PROCEEDINGS (CONTEXT
OF ONGOING HARM)

In addition, I note for context that the unlawful disclosure, withdrawal, and interstate
transfer of my child—which occurred without my knowledge or consent—are among the
issues currently under review in the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal, Case No.
4D2025-3401.
The combined writ currently under active review by the Florida Fourth District Court of
Appeal stems from jurisdictional defects, UCCJEA violations, due process failures, and
the unlawful seizure of my child from the State of Georgia.
• I am not asking the Department to adjudicate or intervene in the appellate matter.
Rather, I am informing the Department:
• The educational-records issues raised in this complaint are part of a larger pattern
of interstate misconduct, civil rights violations, and procedural irregularities
acknowledged by the courts through the acceptance and docketing of my appellate
petition.
• The appellate case demonstrates that the underlying events are not resolved, not
legally settled, and remain the subject of active judicial scrutiny.
For these reasons, FERPA compliance and state-level educational oversight are
urgently required to determine how improper record releases and undocumented
withdrawals contributed to the ongoing concealment, endangerment, and denial of
parental rights.

XV. REQUESTED RELIEF
I request that FPCO:
1. Find FERPA violations
for unauthorized disclosure, failure to verify custody, failure to notify, and refusal to
provide access.
2. Direct McIntosh County School District to produce within 10 days:
• ALL of Aurora’s education records;

• ALL withdrawal/transfer forms;
• ALL documents provided by Paul Gawor;
• Identity of Florida receiving school;
• FULL access-log for record disclosures;
• Visitor logs, staff communications, and documents relied upon;
• All internal notes used to justify withdrawal.

3. Require corrective action district-wide, including:
• FERPA custodial verification procedures;
• domestic-violence protocols;
• ADA-compliant communication standards;
• training on UCCJEA jurisdiction;
• child safety practices;
• policies preventing unauthorized withdrawals.

4. Any additional relief FPCO deems appropriate.

Certification and Signature
I, Kathryn Stillwell Dressler, certify under penalty of perjury that:
1. I am the enrolling and sole custodial parent of Aurora “Rory” Gawor;
2. The facts stated in this complaint are true and correct to the best of my knowledge;
3. I have provided copies of documents, emails, and communications in support of
these allegations;
4. I understand that the U.S. Department of Education may share information
contained in this complaint with the McIntosh County School District for purposes
of investigation and response; and

5. I respectfully request that the Family Policy Compliance Office investigate and take
appropriate corrective action regarding these violations.

Respectfully submitted,
<s/> Kathryn Stillwell Dressler
Mother and Sole Custodial Parent of Aurora Gawor
1011 Elbert St, Darien, GA 31305
561-870-9988
kathryndressler@gmail.com

TABLE OF EXHIBITS

(For Submission with FERPA Complaint – Kathryn Stillwell Dressler)

EXHIBIT A — Email Confirming Unauthorized Records Transfer
Date: August 6, 2025
Source: Jessica Parker, School Counselor, Todd Grant Elementary
Description:
School confirms it “received a records request on July 31” and transferred Aurora’s records
to an unknown Florida school without notifying or obtaining consent from the custodial
parent, in violation of FERPA §§ 99.30, 99.34.

EXHIBIT B — Medical Fragility Documentation (Hospitalization & School
Communication)
Dates: May 7–12, 2025
Source: Emails to and from school staff; photographs of IV, monitoring equipment, and
pediatric discharge instructions

Description:
Evidence that the school had actual knowledge of Aurora’s medical fragility, pediatric
evaluations, and ongoing surgical monitoring — yet released records and enabled
interstate removal despite documented medical risk.

EXHIBIT C — Final Legal Notice and Demand to School District
Date: August 5, 2025
Source: Email sent by Kathryn Dressler
Description:
Notice informing the district of unauthorized record release, unlawful withdrawal, FERPA
violations, UCCJEA jurisdiction, domestic-violence context, and demand for immediate
production of records.
Establishes district’s refusal and obstruction after formal notice.

EXHIBIT D — Initial Inquiry Regarding Release of Graduation Photos and
Records
Date: August 4, 2025
Source: Email to school staff
Description:
First documented request for clarification regarding unauthorized access by non-custodial
father and grandmother.
Demonstrates school staff knowledge, constructive notice of domestic-violence status,
and failure to verify custody before releasing information.

EXHIBIT A

Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>

A. Gawor
1 message
Jessica Parker <jparker@mcintosh.k12.ga.us> Wed, Aug 6, 2025 at 9:10 AM
To: kathryndressler@gmail.com
Cc: Delmano Mitchell <dmitchell@mcintosh.k12.ga.us>, Amanda Morris <amorris@mcintosh.k12.ga.us>
Good morning Ms. Dressler,
We received a records request on July 31st and have sent Auror's records to the new school as we are required to do.
Regarding her kindergarten pictures, they are still in the front office. Mrs. Smith has tried to reach out to you a couple of times to
arrange pickup. You are welcome to stop by and pick up the pictures at your earliest convenience.
Best regards,
--
Jessica Parker
School Counselor
Todd Grant Elementary
912-437-6675
This is a staff email account managed by McIntosh County School District. This email and any files transmitted
with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you
have received this email in error please notify the sender.
11/20/25, 11:23 AM Gmail - A. Gawor

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-f:1839711740804216268&simpl=msg-f:1839711740804216268 1/1

EXHIBIT B

Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>

Aurora Gawor absence 5-7-25
6 messages
Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com> Wed, May 7, 2025 at 7:04 AM
To: Christina Smith <csmith@mcintosh.k12.ga.us>
Hi Mrs. Smith,
Unfortunately I had to take Rory to the hospital again this morning as she woke up around 3:30am screaming and crying in pain,
saying she was having shooting pain in the same area as before, except worse.
So I ended up bringing her up to Memorial Health in Savannah since it's a pediatric hospital since I was told the other week
when we went to Brunswick ER that if she ended up having anything that required a pediatric specialist or any type of surgery or
procedure, she'd need to be transported to either memorial health in Savannah or another pediatric hospital that starts with a W
in Jacksonville.
The doctor said he's going to do an abdominal ultrasound and then figure out what to do next based on what that shows.
I'll keep you posted once we figure out what's going on, and I'll email the hospital discharge paperwork and school note as well
whenever I get those.
Fingers crossed they'll be able to figure it out quickly and hopefully nothing major. I know Aurora was really excited to finally be
back at school. Poor thing. 😓
11/20/25, 11:03 AM Gmail - Aurora Gawor absence 5-7-25

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r4957827263041977759&simpl=msg-a:r725725305609274... 1/4

11/20/25, 11:03 AM Gmail - Aurora Gawor absence 5-7-25

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r4957827263041977759&simpl=msg-a:r725725305609274... 2/4

--
Katie Dressler

Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com> Wed, May 7, 2025 at 7:07 AM
To: McIntosh Unit <mcintosh@bgcsega.com>
Hi Brad,
I just wanted to let you know Aurora won't be in aftercare today since we're back at the hospital again 😓 (except we're at
Memorial children's in Savannah this time vs Brunswick ER).
Please put out the good vibes for her. 🙏
--
Katie Dressler

[Quoted text hidden]
Christina Smith <csmith@mcintosh.k12.ga.us> Wed, May 7, 2025 at 7:12 AM
To: Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>
So sorry to hear that she is in the hospital. I will let Ms. Howard know. Please keep me posted.
[Quoted text hidden]
--

Christina Smith
TGES Receptionist
This is a staff email account managed by McIntosh County School District. This email and any files transmitted
with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you
have received this email in error please notify the sender.
McIntosh Unit <mcintosh@bgcsega.com> Wed, May 7, 2025 at 12:27 PM
To: Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>
Oh goodness!! Sending all the good vibes your way!
[Quoted text hidden]
--
Mattie Hamilton
McIntosh Program Director/6th-8th Director
Office Hours 10:30am-6:30pm

Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com> Thu, May 8, 2025 at 2:04 AM
To: Christina Smith <csmith@mcintosh.k12.ga.us>
Hi Mrs. Smith,
I wanted to update you that the team at Memorial Health Savannah was great.
11/20/25, 11:03 AM Gmail - Aurora Gawor absence 5-7-25

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r4957827263041977759&simpl=msg-a:r725725305609274... 3/4

Rory's visit care was overseen/managed between two pediatric doctors overseeing the PER (due to shift changes), and a
pediatric surgeon and general surgeon also came to the room to perform an initial physical assessment of her abdominal area
and decided to have an ultrasound done
They all seemed to think the severe pain and inflammation of the abdominal lymph nodes is most likely still being caused by the
mesenteric adenitis--but the surgeon had some concern it could be the early onset of appendicitis.
The surgeons discussed the possibility of admitting her overnight for observation so I wouldn't have to drive back up there again
if her condition or symptoms worsened...but after having us stay for ~8hrs to monitor her and then making sure she was able to
hold down food and liquids, they said they were OK with discharging her if I kept her home today (Thu) and closely monitor her
and return immediately if she develops a fever or starts vomiting again.
The PER doctor seemed to think she'd be fine to return to school on Fri so he wrote her an excusal note for 1 day--but then
when I received the after visit summary discharge paperwork I read (and was told by the PER doctor) the surgeon wants me to
bring her back up to Savannah on Fri (tomorrow) to meet at his office so he can re-examine and re-evaluate her given the
concern it may be appendicitis forming.
I've attached a photo of the PER's excusal note for today (Thu), though it should've been updated to 2 days after the surgeon
decided he wanted us to come back on Fri -- but I can ask the surgeon for a second excusal note for Fri when we meet with him
then.
I've also attached a photo of her after visit care instructions/discharge summary
--
Katie Dressler

[Quoted text hidden]
2 attachments

1000013114.jpg
1063K

1000013113.jpg
1836K

Christina Smith <csmith@mcintosh.k12.ga.us> Mon, May 12, 2025 at 7:36 AM
To: Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>
Thank you for the update. I hope she feels better soon.
[Quoted text hidden]
11/20/25, 11:03 AM Gmail - Aurora Gawor absence 5-7-25

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r4957827263041977759&simpl=msg-a:r725725305609274... 4/4

EXHIBIT C

Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>

FINAL LEGAL NOTICE AND DEMAND TO IMMEDIATELY PRODUCE BY 12PM TODAY —
KNOWN PARTICIPATION IN UNLAWFUL WITHDRAWAL, INTERSTATE KIDNAPPING, AND
CONCEALMENT OF **AURORA GAWOR** + FERPA VIOLATIONS, AND CONSPIRACY
UNDER COLOR OF LAW — ACTIVE FEDERAL CASE 25CV61554
2 messages
Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com> Tue, Aug 5, 2025 at 11:49 AM
To: mcintoshelementary@mcintosh.k12.ga.us, djohnson@mcintosh.k12.ga.us, melissa.williams@mcintosh.k12.ga.us,
khoward@mcintosh.k12.ga.us, ferpa.complaints@ed.gov, askdoe@gadoe.org
Cc: civilrights@ed.gov, usagan.contactus@usdoj.gov, civilrightsintake@usdoj.gov, Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>,
inspectorgeneralhotline@dhs.ga.gov
This is a FINAL FORMAL LEGAL NOTICE to Todd Grant Elementary School,
The McIntosh County School District,
The Georgia Department of Education,
and all listed recipients.
I, Kathryn Dressler, am the sole legal and custodial parent of Aurora Gawor, and both Aurora and I are LEGALLY DEFINED
AND DOCUMENTED VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC ABUSE BY PAUL GAWOR who has a known criminal record for domestic
battery and should have never been allowed onto school grounds, let alone to unlawfully withdraw, conceal, and
transport my child across state lines.
You are all now formally notified that this matter is under active federal investigation and included in Federal Case No.
25CV61554 (U.S. District Court — Southern District of Florida).
You have knowingly participated in the wrongful removal, concealment, and trafficking of a protected minor, and will be
held legally accountable under federal, state, and civil statutes.
---
⚠️ THE FOLLOWING SEVERE CRIMES AND VIOLATIONS HAVE BEEN COMMITTED:
INTERSTATE KIDNAPPING (18 U.S.C. § 1201)
CUSTODIAL INTERFERENCE UNDER COLOR OF LAW
AIDING AND ABETTING KIDNAPPING (18 U.S.C. § 2)
CONSPIRACY TO DEPRIVE RIGHTS (18 U.S.C. § 241)
DEPRIVATION OF RIGHTS UNDER COLOR OF LAW (18 U.S.C. § 242)
UNLAWFUL DISCLOSURE OF EDUCATION RECORDS (FERPA VIOLATION)
CIVIL RIGHTS VIOLATIONS (42 U.S.C. §§ 1983, 1985)
VIOLATION OF GEORGIA ENROLLMENT POLICIES (REQUIRING VALID CUSTODY ORDERS)
OBSTRUCTION AND CONCEALMENT OF THE CHILD’S WHEREABOUTS FROM THE LAWFUL PARENT
CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT FRAUD AND CIVIL RIGHTS ABUSE
EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, DAMAGES, AND LOSS OF PROPERTY (including irreplaceable photographs)
---
📌 FACTUAL BACKGROUND:
11/20/25, 11:02 AM Gmail - FINAL LEGAL NOTICE AND DEMAND TO IMMEDIATELY PRODUCE BY 12PM TODAY — KNOWN PARTICIPATION IN...

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r-2154502654218930886&simpl=msg-a:r27656879701909... 1/5

1. You knowingly released education records and personal property (including irreplaceable photographs) to Paul Gawor and/or
his mother without verifying any lawful Georgia custody order, despite my name being listed as the sole parent on file,
and despite explicit knowledge of domestic violence by Paul Gawor + resulting immediate traumatic impact
documented by TODD GRANT ELEMENTARY on 4-16-25 and 5-16-25
2. You allowed the unauthorized withdrawal and re-enrollment of Aurora Gawor to a Florida school — the name of which has
been unlawfully withheld from me — without my consent or court authorization, in direct violation of Georgia and
federal law, and in blatant violation of FERPA and custody transfer policies.
3. You deliberately failed to contact or notify me, despite having my number and email, and me being the only person with any
legal or lawful authority in both Florida and Georgia, and being fully aware that I lived three houses away from the school.
Instead, you released Aurora and my personal property to a known abuser and SEVERELY JEOPARDIZED both of our
lives and safety, and placed Aurora in IMMINENT AND IMMEDIATE AND KNOWN DANGER.
4. On April 16, 2025, Mrs. Howard sent home a note documenting visible trauma, followed by phone calls with myself, the
guidance counselor, and outside therapy provider Apex Counseling, which are all on record. You were fully aware of the danger
and did nothing to protect her-- instead, you allowed her to be withdrawn and transferred out of state by her known abuser
without ANY LEGAL GROUNDS OR RIGHTS AND IN COMPLETE VIOLATION OF HER IMMEDIATE SAFETY.
5. When my mother came in person yesterday to retrieve the Kindergarten graduation photographs that I, Kathryn Dressler,
PERSONALLY PAID FOR IN NAME AND SOLE LEGAL RIGHT AND AUTHORITY, your staff lied to her about their location —
only admitting they had given them to Paul Gawor's mother after she insisted she would return the next day.
6. The so-called enforcement order signed by Judge Hendrix in McIntosh Superior Court is legally invalid and in violation of
the UCCJEA and VAWA. There was no lawful custody determination, no evidentiary hearing, and no jurisdiction to
remove my daughter, who was a protected and documented resident of Georgia.
You knowingly allowed the kidnapping of a child from Georgia,
Aided concealment by a criminal offender, and violated federal protections for domestic violence survivors and their
children — which is why there is now an EMERGENCY FEDERAL INVESTIGATION, WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS,
TEMPORARY RESTRAINING ORDER, AND DEMAND FOR RETURN under U.S. District Court Case No. 25CV61554, in
addition to dual personal injury lawsuits stemming from the irreparable harm caused to myself, Aurora, my elderly
mother, and my medically vulnerable stepfather.

---
📢 YOU ARE HEREBY LEGALLY DEMANDED TO IMMEDIATELY AND UNDER EMERGENCY NOTICE:
By NO LATER THAN 12:30PM TODAY, you must provide via email to kathryndressler@gmail.com the following:
1. A complete written record of who authorized Aurora’s withdrawal, including names, positions, and dates.
2. Copies of any and all documentation submitted by Paul Gawor or his representatives to request or authorize the withdrawal
and re-enrollment.
3. The name, address, and contact information of the Florida school she was re-enrolled in, and who provided that information.
4. Copies of all education records, withdrawal paperwork, and enrollment forms sent to any Florida school.
5. All available security footage, visitor logs, sign-out records, and email or phone communications related to the withdrawal or
record release.
6. Copies of any signed custody orders relied upon — none exist in Georgia — and if none were verified, admit so in writing.
7. Names of all district, school, and front office staff involved in this process.
11/20/25, 11:02 AM Gmail - FINAL LEGAL NOTICE AND DEMAND TO IMMEDIATELY PRODUCE BY 12PM TODAY — KNOWN PARTICIPATION IN...

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r-2154502654218930886&simpl=msg-a:r27656879701909... 2/5

8. A full explanation of why I was never contacted, despite being the sole legal parent on record and living nearby.
9. Written documentation of all communication or records released to Paul Gawor’s mother, and who authorized that.

---
❌ YOU ARE FURTHER NOTIFIED:
Failure to respond to this demand by 12PM today will be deemed willful obstruction and will be included in the record
of the federal case, with additional reports made to:
U.S. Department of Justice (Civil Rights Division)
U.S. Department of Education (OCR and FERPA)
Georgia Department of Education
State Bar and Judicial Conduct Commissions
All relevant child protection oversight agencies
Aurora Gawor will never return to your school or county. Your actions have caused irreparable harm to her, myself, and my family
— including the compounded trauma of unlawful separation and illegal kidnapping, loss of both lifelong support animals,
emotional injury, and permanent damages to our civil and parental rights.
You knowingly allowed the kidnapping of a child from Georgia, aided concealment by a criminal offender, and violated federal
protections for domestic violence survivors and their children.
I demand all further communications be made in writing only to kathryndressler@gmail.com. I will not accept any
phone calls.
Sincerely,
Kathryn Stillwell Dressler
Pro Se Litigant, Mother of Aurora Gawor
U.S. District Court Case No. 25CV61554
Darien, Georgia
---

--
Katie Dressler

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>
Date: Mon, Aug 4, 2025, 4:38 PM
Subject: Request for Immediate Clarification Regarding Record Release and Graduation Photos
To: Christina Smith <csmith@mcintosh.k12.ga.us>
Cc: Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>

Dear Ms. Smith,
I hope you are well. I’m writing with deep concern after learning that Paul Gawor—who has never been listed on Aurora’s
school records, has no legal custody, and was previously identified to staff as a potential safety risk—was recently permitted
to visit the school, meet with staff, and reportedly obtain Aurora’s graduation photos and school-related information.
I have held sole legal custody and all parental rights since May 2, 2022 (when he was arrested and criminally charged for
domestic battery on me in Aurora's direct presence), and I am the enrolling parent on record with McIntosh County
Schools.
11/20/25, 11:02 AM Gmail - FINAL LEGAL NOTICE AND DEMAND TO IMMEDIATELY PRODUCE BY 12PM TODAY — KNOWN PARTICIPATION IN...

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r-2154502654218930886&simpl=msg-a:r27656879701909... 3/5

Mr. Gawor has never been authorized to access records, attend meetings, or receive materials of any kind. In fact, both Mrs.
Howard and the guidance counselor were explicitly informed of the abuse history involving Mr. Gawor.
I understand that Mr. Gawor may have presented an “enforcement order” issued in McIntosh County. That order is currently
under federal review as part of an Emergency Writ of Habeas Corpus and TRO (U.S. District Court Case No. 25CV61554)
due to serious violations of UCCJEA jurisdiction and the absence of any valid custody ruling.
A related personal injury lawsuit has also been filed on behalf of myself and Aurora based on the unlawful seizure and
continued denial of our civil rights.
Additionally, Mr. Gawor is a Florida resident with no current legal or physical ties to McIntosh County or Georgia, which makes
his presence at the school—and the school’s release of records—even more concerning.
His out-of-state residency further confirms that he lacks standing under Georgia law and the UCCJEA to assert any custodial or
educational access rights—especially in a jurisdiction where Aurora was legally residing and enrolled under my sole custody.
What is most distressing to me is the report that Aurora’s graduation photos—which I personally paid for—were apparently
released to Mr. Gawor or his mother without my knowledge or consent.
Will you please confirm:
1. Whether her photos and/or school records were released, and
2. To whom, and
3. On what authority that release was made.
I must respectfully emphasize that under FERPA (20 U.S.C. § 1232g) and applicable district policy, the school had a legal
obligation to:
Verify custody status
Contact the enrolling parent (me) before releasing any records or property
Withhold access from individuals not listed or authorized
I understand that school staff are often put in difficult positions, but in this case, the failure to verify or contact me, despite
knowledge of domestic abuse, represents a serious breach of both federal and district responsibilities.
I respectfully request:
A full written explanation of what occurred,
Copies of any documentation presented during Mr. Gawor’s visit, and
Immediate confirmation that no further information or materials will be released to anyone but me unless required by
verified court order or with my express written consent.
Thank you for your time and prompt attention to this matter.
Sincerely,
Kathryn Stillwell Dressler
Mother of Aurora Gawor
Email: kathryndressler@gmail.com
Phone: (561) 870-9988
--
Katie Dressler

2 attachments
11/20/25, 11:02 AM Gmail - FINAL LEGAL NOTICE AND DEMAND TO IMMEDIATELY PRODUCE BY 12PM TODAY — KNOWN PARTICIPATION IN...

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r-2154502654218930886&simpl=msg-a:r27656879701909... 4/5

1000016519.png
229K

1000016514.jpg
2517K

Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com> Tue, Nov 4, 2025 at 4:19 PM
To: Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>
[Quoted text hidden]
2 attachments

1000016519.png
229K

1000016514.jpg
2517K

11/20/25, 11:02 AM Gmail - FINAL LEGAL NOTICE AND DEMAND TO IMMEDIATELY PRODUCE BY 12PM TODAY — KNOWN PARTICIPATION IN...

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r-2154502654218930886&simpl=msg-a:r27656879701909... 5/5

EXHIBIT D

Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>

Request for Immediate Clarification Regarding Record Release and Graduation Photos
3 messages
Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com> Mon, Aug 4, 2025 at 4:38 PM
To: Christina Smith <csmith@mcintosh.k12.ga.us>
Cc: Kathryn Dressler <kathryndressler@gmail.com>
Dear Ms. Smith,
I hope you are well. I’m writing with deep concern after learning that Paul Gawor—who has never been listed on Aurora’s
school records, has no legal custody, and was previously identified to staff as a potential safety risk—was recently permitted
to visit the school, meet with staff, and reportedly obtain Aurora’s graduation photos and school-related information.
I have held sole legal custody and all parental rights since May 2, 2022 (when he was arrested and criminally charged for
domestic battery on me in Aurora's direct presence), and I am the enrolling parent on record with McIntosh County
Schools.
Mr. Gawor has never been authorized to access records, attend meetings, or receive materials of any kind. In fact, both Mrs.
Howard and the guidance counselor were explicitly informed of the abuse history involving Mr. Gawor.
I understand that Mr. Gawor may have presented an “enforcement order” issued in McIntosh County. That order is currently
under federal review as part of an Emergency Writ of Habeas Corpus and TRO (U.S. District Court Case No.
25CV61554) due to serious violations of UCCJEA jurisdiction and the absence of any valid custody ruling.
A related personal injury lawsuit has also been filed on behalf of myself and Aurora based on the unlawful seizure and
continued denial of our civil rights.
Additionally, Mr. Gawor is a Florida resident with no current legal or physical ties to McIntosh County or Georgia, which makes
his presence at the school—and the school’s release of records—even more concerning.
His out-of-state residency further confirms that he lacks standing under Georgia law and the UCCJEA to assert any custodial or
educational access rights—especially in a jurisdiction where Aurora was legally residing and enrolled under my sole custody.
What is most distressing to me is the report that Aurora’s graduation photos—which I personally paid for—were apparently
released to Mr. Gawor or his mother without my knowledge or consent.
Will you please confirm:
1. Whether her photos and/or school records were released, and
2. To whom, and
3. On what authority that release was made.
I must respectfully emphasize that under FERPA (20 U.S.C. § 1232g) and applicable district policy, the school had a legal
obligation to:
Verify custody status
Contact the enrolling parent (me) before releasing any records or property
Withhold access from individuals not listed or authorized
I understand that school staff are often put in difficult positions, but in this case, the failure to verify or contact me, despite
knowledge of domestic abuse, represents a serious breach of both federal and district responsibilities.
I respectfully request:
A full written explanation of what occurred,
Copies of any documentation presented during Mr. Gawor’s visit, and
Immediate confirmation that no further information or materials will be released to anyone but me unless required by
verified court order or with my express written consent.
11/20/25, 11:03 AM Gmail - Request for Immediate Clarification Regarding Record Release and Graduation Photos

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r1030793223134947100&simpl=msg-a:r-76921204957793... 1/2

Thank you for your time and prompt attention to this matter.
Sincerely,
Kathryn Stillwell Dressler
Mother of Aurora Gawor
Email: kathryndressler@gmail.com
Phone: (561) 870-9988
--
Katie Dressler
11/20/25, 11:03 AM Gmail - Request for Immediate Clarification Regarding Record Release and Graduation Photos

https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=76e729c450&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r1030793223134947100&simpl=msg-a:r-76921204957793... 2/2