10-4-2021

Warren Police Statement Page 1 of 5
After leaving my apartment on October 4, 2021 I was approached by two Warren police
officers, I had been walking South on route 67 for almost 2 hours with my dog. Both officers
told me they were wearing body cameras and I was being recorded, they asked if I was
Richard Stebbins, I said yes, they asked where I was going. I told them to my mothers, my
sisters almost here. They informed me they received a phone call saying I was fighting with my
girlfriend and they asked me if I mind telling them what was going on. I told them that my
girlfriend Beth was very upset and she was arguing with herself and begging me to stay. Beth’s
autistic son was being abused and neglected in a local group home, we had been filing reports
about it, trying to protect him, yet nothing was being done and a new manager that was just
assigned to his house, who was also going to help us expose this abuse and neglect, had just
been fired that morning.
I told officers Beth was also upset about some things my family members had said, my father
told me he didn’t want me getting another car, he didn’t want the driveway looking like a
parking lot, so Beth said she was going to speak with him and stated that she was going to
buy me a car, even though we are having issues with how to access her money at the moment,
so I didn’t know what she was thinking, she just seemed angry.
I told the officers that Beth was very adamant that I get my court paperwork in order to get my
record expunged because she wanted me to become co-guardian of her son Stephen, so I
could deal with all the abuse her son was enduring, since she was totally overwhelmed by it.
I told officers I asked Beth to give me some time, since she knows I am physically disabled,
she knows I have a genetic skeletal muscle disorder and I told her my neck was hurting and I
have a migraine, I tried to get away from Beth, but she kept following me around the house and
insisting that I do what she wanted right then and there, she wanted me listen to what she had
to say, then she followed me upstairs
I told officers that Beth followed me in our middle bedroom, closed the door and held me
against my will for a half hour, preventing me from leaving, threatening to call the police if I
moved her out of the way or if tried to get by her. She kept threatening me, saying she’ll tell
police that I hit her. I told officers, that’s when I told Beth I hadn’t heard any of the other things
she said, I told her I stopped listening when she threatened to call the cops on me, that’s when
she got this crazed look in her eyes and said if I do leave, she’ll never stop and she said she
hopes I do kill myself this time. I told the police that’s when I picked my dog up and used her
as a shield so that Beth would allow me to leave the room, I told Beth to get the fuck out of my
way and that’s when finally Beth left the room and allowed me to exit.
Then I went downstairs, as I was putting my dogs harness on, Beth took that opportunity to
snatch my backpack which had my medication, my dogs medication and other personal
items, Beth was still trying to prevent me from leaving so I left without my backpack. I told
officers that Beth was hoping that these threats of a police officer hurting me and the courts
ruining my life, would force me to stay, but I told her I didn’t care, I told her I just wanted to
leave. I wanted nothing to do with her or her childish behavior, she was just acting selfish. Beth
followed behind me when I left, she really didn’t want me leaving. But I don’t think she was
prepared for the weather to be rainy, she wasn’t there when I looked back.
That’s when officers informed me that Beth claimed I accidentally elbow her in the jaw and they
were going to have to place me under arrest. I repeated to officers that I’m disabled and that
Beth said she was hoping you guys would hurt me, I told officers again that my sister was
already on her way to get us and would be here very soon. I asked officers to be gentle with
Harley, one officer said he’s a K-9 officer. I told officers I had a knife on me. I also told them I
had over a dozen joint surgeries. Officers read me my rights
Warren Police Statement Page 2 of 5
and asked if I wanted to keep talking. I said yes and I told officers I didn’t touch Beth and she
didn’t touch me.
I asked about filing charges against Beth for holding me against my will and stealing my
backpack and officers said I’d have to take it up with a lawyer. I tried pleading and mentioned
the fact that I didn’t snatch my backpack away from her, because I know she also has physical
issues, she’s always complaining about her joints and I know she would’ve been injured if I
yanked it away, officers said there’s nothing they could do about it, since she claimed I
accidentally elbowed her, they said they had to arrest me and neither officer seemed all that
interested. I asked officers multiple times how she’s allowed to get away with this behavior and
they just shrugged. Since officers said they were wearing body cameras, I felt it was important
to keep talking because of their dismissive attitudes and what happened to me in Hampden
county court.
Officers were gentle with me and my dog, while placing me in cuffs and then in the back of a
cruiser, they placed my dog on my lap until my sister arrived. They asked for my license and
asked my contact info. One officer typed things in the computer while the other stood outside
my drivers side rear door.
I told officers this wasn’t the first time Beth locked me in a room and threatened to call the
cops on me if I left, I told them that Beth tried this earlier this year because of the stress she
was going through because of the abuse her son has endured in his massachusetts group
homes, but I stayed that time and we talked through it. I told them they can go back and ask
Sue, she’s home, I told officers I saw her in front of the sink when I left. I told officers to ask my
sister when she arrives as well, she’s heard Beth tell the story of holding me in the bedroom
dozens of times.
I told officers that Beth was pushing me to get my record expunged because she wanted me to
become her sons co-guardian, I told warren officers I have physical evidence that ada
Katherine Johnston presented a fake receipt in that malicious damage to a motor vehicle case
on my record, she lied about that driver paying for that damaged window. Springfield officers
my altered police report and someone altered the notarized statement that I gave the Hampden
county DA’s office, all to help cover up Springfield officers helping a girl get away with driving
without car insurance and denying me medical attention. I told officers that I wouldn’t have
learned about that receipt if it wasn’t for judge Hadley making facing and remarks.
I told officers that Beth knew about my past suicide attempts and was trying to stress me out,
she was hoping I’d kill myself for leaving her, I also brought up how warren police transported
me to the emergency room in 2016 for a suicide attempt after I escaped the emergency room.
This was after discovering those court documents had been altered and no one I called was
willing to help me, the anxiety caused by my “at the time” undiagnosed hyperthyroidism
caused me to become suicidal.
Officers asked if I was still suicidal, I told them no, it only happens when my thyroid is off. I was
also misdiagnosed with other issues at the time and prescribed meds that made my issues feel
worse. I asked if their vehicles still recorded and they said yes.
I told officers after my last suicide attempt, I had a gun placed to my forehead and the files I
had with me, taken from me at my lawyers office and I was coerced into pleading guilty by my
lawyer Elaine Pourinski, the Supreme Court ada and judge. I didn’t forge that paper and didn’t
need it. I told officers this is the 2016 charge you see on my record. I was a complete disaster
at that time and everyone around me knew it, you officers can see the timeline, I was brought
to the hospital for my third suicide attempt in 4 months, it was the second you officers came to
my home and then I was l coerced into pleading guilty less than two weeks later. thankfully
being positive through that horrible ordeal got me Harley (my dog). that's how I also ended up
Warren Police Statement Page 3 of 5
meeting Beth, all this court stuff destroyed my marriage. Beth’s son was also abused in a
different group home than he’s being neglected in now and it was also covered up, that event
destroyed Beth’s marriage.
I told officers that ever since I met Beth her son had been abused and neglected in every
placement chosen by the commonwealth, she's been harassed by group home managers and
lied to by both group home companies and the state workers who are supposed to oversee her
sons care. Beth tried to buy a house, with the hopes of getting him closer, but the state said
they'd take his funding away if he moves into a home Beth or her son owns. The state pays
hundreds of thousands of dollars a year to abuse these kids in group homes and they only
offered Beth a worker to help her 20 hours a week if she took him home. This stuff would drive
Beth into panics, she couldn't understand how the state could display such disgusting
behavior. This caused her to have nightmares every night and it's not like she was making
things up or exaggerating, the things that I witnessed myself were horrible and Beth dealt with
it as best she could, she handled it better than I would have if that was my son. I told Beth she
could have our apartment, I didn't want to deal with these issues anymore, it was to much.
I told officers Beth needed a mental health evaluation, she was talking to herself in our dining
room, pacing back and forth and then telling me I should hit her if I’m so unhappy before
following me upstairs. She really wants me to kill myself, she’s never going to stop. You didn’t
see the look in her eyes. I’ve never seen her that angry. She’s been really upset about the
constant abuse of her son in these group homes, it’s absolutely disgusting and he’s still being
neglected at highland street in southbridge. Like I said his house manager was fired this
morning and Beth doesn’t have anyone to help her with her son, I was the only one who ever
stood up for her and her son.
When my sister arrived, one officer brought Harley over to her, they didn’t ask Kathy about
Beth holding me against my will previously or let her come near me to say anything.
After Kathy left, before one of the officers transported me back to the warren police station, he
radioed in his mileage .
We had to drive past my street “South st” on the way to the station and I asked if the officer
could retrieve my backpack, since it had both my medication and my dog’s heart worm
medication in it, along with other personal items. He claimed there was nothing he could do
and I’d have to speak to a lawyer.
When we reached the station, that officer called in his mileage and informed me he needed to
do paperwork and that I would be recorded again inside the station. I felt very lucky to be
recorded and tried starting my story from the beginning. I told him I wished they had that
recording devices years ago, it would’ve prevented so many problems for me. Again I told him
how I was walking though a parking lot, got hit by a car while I was walking. The cops arrived
and arrested me.
At the time I thought it was all a big misunderstanding. That driver didn’t have car insurance
and had a rejection sticker for safety. This officer asked me the last time I was arrested. Then
walked away and started working on his computer. He nodded indicating he typing, so I
stopped talking.
This officer came back and read me my rights again, I agree yes. He never asks any more
questions, so I assume he remembered everything I said and was documenting it in his
computer. This officer asked for my info again.
Warren Police Statement Page 4 of 5
We lingered around at the station for way longer than I expected, the officer was having trouble
taking my finger prints on their electronic scanner and became very frustrated. first he said said
the courts would take me and I’d be released, then he said it was to late the courts wouldn’t be
able to take me, so I’d have to be dropped at the state police station before I could be bailed
out after the court close. I was allowed to use the bathroom uncuffed and alone. When done
the officer places me back in cuffs. He took me out to the vehicle, then went back inside.
This same warren officer transported me to the state police barracks in Brookfield. Before he
left he called in his mileage again.
Along the way I told that officer that Beth knows I’m going to fight this bogus accidental elbow
charge, she’s trying to force me to fight her fights for her. She wants me to expose all the
abuse we’ve witnessed in her sons group home placements. I told this officer how a manager
Rich shook my hand and lied to our faces about making home visits a thing for her son, her
son was constantly restrained and neglected. Then he moves to Uxbridge, the commonwealth
did everything it could to keep him 2 hours away. This new home was just as bad as the last,
her son got a mysterious hand infection that wasn’t documented and then an old manager
Craig comes into the picture and her son starts getting hand prints on his arm, he starts having
weird behaviors in front of this guy. It got so bad I had to pull this guy aside and ask if he
needed help communicating with Beth’s son. This event led to her son moving to the home
he’s being neglected in now. I told the officer about how I drove to this house while recording
the screen. Staff didn’t interact with her son for hours. He was just sitting in a corner doing
nothing. Whenever I see him we go for walks and he’s super curious about what’s going on.
Beth was distraught over that manager being fired this morning. Cynthia seemed like she was
going to be able to help Beth expose all this abuse and neglect going on in these
Massachusetts group homes.
I told this officer about my issues trying to fight that malicious damage charge. I tried to report
springfield police officers aiding that girl driving without car insurance and deleting it off of my
police report. I told him how I contacted the registry and they confirmed that girl didn’t have
insurance, had a rejection sticker for safety and suspended registration, she also drove around
with a suspended license at times. I told him how I contacted cjis and they confirmed that
officer accessed her license plate info and knew she was driving illegally, I told this officer that
because of judge Hadley I learned the Ada passed in a fake receipt as proof this girl paid for
her window, but I learned from the window place that the girl never paid and skipped out on
the bill. They gave me a copy of the receipt they faxed to her old insurance company. Then I
tried reporting these officers, but their fellow investigators helped cover up how they denied me
medical attention. I also learned the notarized statement I wrote was altered to hide things
officers told me. Once I learned about the receipt being fake, the commonwealth charged me
with forgery and I was ready to fight this in court, but then i got really sick and ended up trying
to commit suicide from all the stress I was going through, then some guy puts a gun to my
head in the hallway outside my lawyer Elaine Pourinskis office in Northampton. She knew I was
a mess and used that to coerce me into pleading guilty, even though she knew I didn’t forge
anything. The prosecutor and judge were also in on this. We talked in the hallway before
pleading and i was told what the judge wanted to hear. I told the officer how pissed the judge
looked when I said something different. I said I didn’t remember forging it, but I must have
cause I wanted it. Everyone knew I didn’t need it to prove anything, I already had a
preponderance of evidence, but I was sick and I fell apart, then the courts took advantage of
me. After court I was told that I was lucky the judge didn’t throw me in jail for my stunt. I still
haven’t been able to get a recording of that hearing.
I told the officer that Beth and I talked about fighting the commonwealth every single day of our
relationship, she knows all about my issues with the courts and I know all about the horrible
things that happened to her. I told Beth I can’t take this anymore and she won’t let me walk
away. That is why she said I hit her by accident, she really thinks that forcing me into court with
Warren Police Statement Page 5 of 5
actually help. I told the officer I couldn’t take it anymore, I’ve tried for years to expose what
happened and no one cares, no one ever has any answers. That’s exactly what drove Beth
crazy, she had nightmares every night and constantly worried about her sons safety. Even
though he’s finally closer, these companies still have the same problems and keep lying to our
faces.
Beth isn’t going to stop, she knows how impossible it is to expose all this, she really hopes I
get stressed and kill myself fighting this charge.
Officer called in mileage when we got to state police barracks.
I like to point out that even though warren officers were gentle with me and my dog, given the
nature of my genetic muscle issues and past surgical history, I could've been severely injured
by my arrest, I was no threat to anyone, I consider what they did to be kidnapping, following
Beth's commands. Especially because they failed to charge her for what she did to me. I didn't
touch her and she didn't touch me, she was trying to force me to stay and I wanted to leave.
She had no right to try holding me against my will or using police to do the same. She
shouldn’t have been able to keep my backpack and rummage though my stuff. 