Transcript


Court clerk: 23RO2357 Richard Stebbins Jr Vs Joe Early. Step forward, raise your right hand, Do you solemnly swear, affirm any statements you're about to make will be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God 


Ricky: I do

Judge: Alright sir. umm, good morning, this is a 23RO2357 it's a harassment prevention order, I'm going to take a look at the affidavit and I may have some addition questions for you. Sir, what would you like to tell me?

11:54:58 Ricky: the Worcester County District Attorney's office and Joe Early are preventing me from
going to trial, because I have evidence that assistant district attorney Catherine Johnston and Springfield officer Thomas Sheehan tampered with evidence in my previous cases and this the conversation I was having with my ex the morning that this argument, that this  discussion we had


11:55:25 Judge: it that the case, I'm sorry, is that the case that started in Warren PD, in Warren Police Department 



Ricky: when I left my ex's apartment, she didn't understand what was wrong with me, I
wasn't feeling well, I didn't want to deal with the situation anymore.

Judge: sure


Ricky: I was feeling mentally overwhelmed, I couldn't take it, I didn't know that I was sick again, she didn't
know it either, she was enraged when I left but when I explained to my lawyers that have this other case and they told us that at Worcester County District Attorney's office, that they said I have to
come deal with it all in Springfield, even though I don't care about getting these felonies off my case. I even tried to commit suicide, I was so sick in the past and I had a case in superior court and they coerced me into pleading guilty, and they won't even give me the recordings, I wanted to
transcript of that hearing, because I said that I don't remember doing it. it's like two weeks after getting out the psych-ward for trying to kill myself and every time I try to tell people

11:56:11 Judge: and and how are you feeling today 

11:56:13 Ricky: I feel very stressed, but I'm still, I'm seeing a therapist and I speak to my doctors about this and they all agree
with everything I'm saying.

Judge: okay

Ricky: that I sound reasonable, even though it affects me physically and mentall,y because I have skeletal genetic muscle disorder so

Judge: Okay, so, I'm sorry to hear that 

Ricky: my muscles tighten up and if I overexert myself, my muscles die. 



Judge: so can, can I just tell you that it looks like from your record, the case in Warren out of the East Brookfield District Court is scheduled
for jury trial on January 10th 2024 I'm sure you were aware of that.


11:56:50 Ricky: my lawyer said something about TAD, I'm not sure what that stands for, but he told me I'm not going to have trial and it's just to be, I'm just expected to be there, my presence has been waved previously,
but because.

Judge: it says, it says JT at 62,  which I think is the Worcester district court, so it looks like the case, is in at you know, it starts in East Brookfield and looks like the jury trial is held in Worcester, I, I don't know, I'm just telling you what I'm seeing on your record.

Ricky: the judge I spoke in Worcester, i spoke about a lot of this, told me I have to come deal with this in Springfield, so don't know how I'm supposed to deal with this.



11:57:30 Judge: deal with,  okay



Ricky: whoever I tell, everybody wants to wash their hands
of it, because I physical evidence. I've got, this started like 10 years ago and I was just going to put it behind me. I tried to go before judge Hadley again,
and then he's like, oh these are bold statements. I'm like I have physical evidence, a preponderance of evidence, every step of the way Springfield police
tampered with evidence, I went to the civil people at, what is it Maple Street, I already had my doctor's notes ahead of time, I knew I
was injured from an incident, a woman was driving with no car insurance, a rejection sticker for safety, that I didn't know about, a registration
suspended in Springfield, and Springfield officers helped her get away with that.

11:58:09 I came to court judge assistant distant Attorney Katherine Johnston created a fake
receipt after my trial and I have proof of that too because the original receipt was faxed, like the day after this
incident happened January 16th 2011 and then the District Attorney's Office created a fake receipt and provided it weeks after my trial when I
had the reimbursement, I I had to pay her back for a damaged window, for malicious damage and the reason her window wasn't
covered by the the window place is because she didn't have insurance, see too I, I tried to get a harassment order against her, I thought
she was driving by my house all the time, turns out she lived like five houses away, and she was driving with no license the entire time, and when I called police,
she was able to get her a harassment order against me, they're like oh you got to catch, the police have to catch her in the act of driving without insurance and driving without a license, and you can't
call and report people, like even when it has rejection sticker for safety? like this doesn't make any sense, like this is totally illegal, these people are just
above the law, and then the hammer came down on me, you guys made me pay for a window, that she never paid for, making me
seem like a monster, was this is all like so overwhelming, and I put this online and my lawyers like you know what, the only way to get away with this is put it
all online, so now, now they can't take it away and now I'm not being allowed to go to trial, because they don't want to talk about
it, i don't this, seems to be always somebody else's fault, oh I had nothing to do with this, you got to go see somebody else, I spoke to with a district
attorney Mark Mastroianni years ago, I had appeal's lawyer Anna Levine, she spoke to him, before he became a federal judge.
everybody's just "I don't know what to do", talk to somebody else, ah get a lawyer, sue them Civilly, why do I have to do all this stuff?
11:59:57 if somebody commits a crime isn't the, the state responsible for investigating that, if it's reported, not just well. well, somebody accused you of crime first so. 
If I beat, beat them like, oh I see that guy committing a crime and they notice I watched and they accuse me of something that means they're innocent/
 that doesn't make any sense to me, because I've done nothing, I've never lashed out these people when I found out where that girl lived a couple houses
away, I didn't go up to her, I I stay away from her street, I didn't harass her, I
never lashed out at her, I just wanted the law to admit that they did something wrong' the Spring Police shouldn't have done that the District Attorney's Office
shouldn't have done that.

12:00:34 and I can back all this up and I never would have discovered it if I didn't keep fighting when judge Hadley said "That's if someone even paid for that window", so I finally, like a year and half after the event happened was able to find where she went and got the window fixed and find she never paid for it.

 like that this doesn't make any sense, all this stuff like I swore on to tell the truth and they did too and they
didn't tell the truth and my biggest stink when this all started was just that I was denied
medical attention.
 I was walking through a parking lot and got hit by a car years ago and then they just brought me to the police station and then harassed me.
like that's ridiculous, like and then to find out they deny me medical attention, cuz she didn't have insurance, and they would have to admit that.

12:01:20 okay, so you can see this this stresses me out, I got a lot to say and it's like man and there's just so much like, if I don't say it in order, that's
why I put a video online. you like, everyone that sees man you say ridiculous too much, cause I try not to, to swear, try to keep myself like grounded, not to be upset, cuz I'm not upset at people for this, like this is like a, a broad problem I, I'm not going to go after any of these
people that accused me of doing stuff, like oh my ex accused me of hitting her, because she's mad I ran off, when they hear the whole story behind that or why she
was so stressed out and said that it, all makes sense.

12:02:07 Judge: is there anything else that you'd like to tell me 


Ricky: I don't think, so eventually someone's going to have to look into this and I'm
not going to drop it all on you, it's overwhelming and telling you all this stuff, like you can't do anything today, you know it's been going on for years, so
hopefully once this is done, someone will point me in the right direction,  

12:02:29 you can't just have a problem and ignore it forever, because something serious is going on here and any other cases that these people are involved in deserve to
be over double checked now and I came here and I complained years ago, I thought it was John gay, I
believe it was, I this is not like my first rodeo, my lawyer told me now, no you need to come back, you need to stand up, because this is happening to other people.

like I, I have to stand up not just for myself for other citizens? for anyone that this happens to? this is ridiculous
I was supposed to have trial in Worcester, this John early I wanted it two years ago and then I let my ex live next door
to my father, he lived in a duplex and she lived there forever after that, then he died of cancer and he was one of my Witnesses and I still don't have a
statement from him, they refused to get a statement from all that time about stuff that happened next door and it's they just keep putting it off and putting it off and I want my
trial, I deserve a trial, I should have had it two years ago,
but nobody wants to answer, hopefully someone will answer to you, I'm hoping that they can't just ignore this moving forward.

12:03:44 Judge: okay, um, 
who's the lawyer who's representing you on in your case out in Worcester?



Ricky: Alexander Bergo 


Judge: okay, is he the first attorney you've had on that case or? 



Ricky: no technically was the fourth I had Roger Banks, there was another woman like a week and then Michael
O'Doherty. 

Judge: oh, those all bar Advocates 



Ricky: yes 


Judge: all right is there anything else you want to tell the court?

Ricky: not right now. If anybody starts asking question, I have paperwork posted online, stacks of things in order. 
 so that.
years ago I was mentally a mess, so things weren't exactly in order, but now
everything is. 


Judge: and so you're in treatment and you're getting and you have your therapist?

Ricky: I didn't know what was wrong with me, but now diagnosed with my issues.

Judge: okay

Ricky: before this was invisible, nobody, nobody knew that I actually had an issue.

judge;  and so you're
you're properly getting medication and all of that stuff.

Ricky:  correct 

Judge: all right good um,
okay, so, um, here, here's where I'm at and I'll, I'll share with you my thoughts on it, and hope you understand um what I'm
about to explain to you, um first and foremost, I um understand your frustration with wanting a jury trial
and having to wait two years for that, um I'm pretty sure you're not necessarily interested in any explanations as to why,
and I'm sure lawyers have already told you about covid, and the fact that, um probably not until the spring of 21 were
we even really doing jury trials, um because of covid and even that was on a
really, really truncated, slow basis, um
but that having been said, um this is not, what you are talking about does not meet
criteria for harassment prevention order, it just doesn't, I understand that you are trying to build a record and you're
very upset and all those things, but this is not what a harassment prevention order is for, um and it's not, not the
right venue for it and it's not the right, frankly even court for it, but that's besides the point, a harassment
prevention order is a very narrow type of proceeding focused on a very narrow
issue and I say this a lot, this court can't solve all of the problems that people face when they come in here on
these orders, so I wish you the best of luck, um your application is denied, thank you.



Ricky: who contact is there anyone when I
asked no one knows who to contact, I tried the Attorney General's office, I called the FBI and spoke to them, 

Judge: so, so sir I I wish
I could call give you legal advice on what to do, but I cannot I am precluded from doing that, um it sounds to me like
you were talking about your civil rights being violated, and you would need a civil rights attorney, that's the only thing that I can give you, is that you
should talk to a lawyer, and you've done that, so I'm out of suggestions,


Ricky: even if I've accused somebody of a crime and I present
evidence and put it online, like nothing can happen? like if I, if I committed a crime and made a video and put it online, I'd be charged with a crime, but if I post a video of somebody committing a crime, who, who'd investigate that?
like I'm not the police, I can't arrest them, I'm not the law, like how do
I, how do I use the law the way it's designed to go after criminals?

Judge: again, again, I, I, I, I wish I could give you legal advice, but I can't
you ask great questions, you certainly have concerns, but I can't give you legal advice, good luck 


Ricky: thank you 


Judge:  all right be
well stay safe