From: Ricky Stebbins <thestebbman@yahoo.com>
Date: July 24, 2023 at 4:20:58 PM EDT
To: Alexander Bergo <abergo@publiccounsel.net>
Subject: Re: Alex Bergo

﻿
﻿﻿﻿It’s been a couple weeks. I was wondering how things were with the investigation?

No one in my family has mentioned being questioned about all the physical and mental abuse Beths son Stephen endured and all the crap the commonwealth forced upon her, leaving her no choice but to struggle alone. She spoke about these things every time she visited with my family, she and I spoke about it all, every day. 

Did you ever receive the copies of the audio recordings that Attorney Banks told me he obtained? 

Did he send you the one email attachment he sent me?

Is there any other evidence? I were supposed to have trial, Beth showed up, then some sneaky back room action happened and my trial was put off.
Nothing that my other attorneys said they were going to do, was ever done. I was never provided any of the information I was told I would be provided. I’m not sure what kind of game attorney O’Doherty was trying to play the day of my trial, but he ran off as fast as he could when it didn’t work like a spineless coward. 
Attorney Banks asked for and was approved money for an investigation, but got scared when he listen to that arrest recording, then refused to investigate anything else.

Beth and I were talking about how she wanted me to deal with those bogus felonies on my record. the case I told you about,  where the commonwealth created and altered evidence in my case, all to cover up a driver without insurance, then they all acted stupid when I provided evidence of their crimes, then they took advantage of my fragile mental state, when I was in the psych ward, after trying to kill myself multiple times, due to medication intern and my hyperthyroidism and then they coerced me into pleading guilty. 

Beth wanted me to be co-guardian of her son Stephen. I helped her in ways no one ever had before. 
Dealing with the commonwealth was overwhelming for Beth. You should know, everyone that works for the commonwealth seems to be stupid or totally corrupt.
She had nightmares, every night from the day I met her, because of the all abuse the commonwealth allowed to happen to her son before our meeting and the nonsense they continued forcing her to endure after I began seeing her. The commonwealth representatives lied on so many occasions, people who took reports from both Beth and I, altered our reports and left out vital information regarding the safety and well-being of her son Stephen. All to cover up this abuse and there’s pictures to prove it all. 

Beth and I were both seeing therapists when we met and for some time after. 
I spoke with my therapists about all the abuse Beth and her son endured. I know there’s a record about how Beth was struggling to deal with it all. 
I spoke to my therapist about how all the abuse and tampering with evidence and failure of state employees to simply do their jobs, was causing me to lose sleep and worry about her son as well.  

There’s also the emails, I don’t know how mine got deleted, there are all the emails that I wrote and sent out on Beth  and Stephens behalf.
Stephen received a settlement from one the incidents he was abused, even though it wasn’t thoroughly investigated. Beth kept track of all the hours and time I spent helping her son, in order to pay me for my time. Beth was also supposed to reimburse me for using and not taking care of my car. This was part of the conversation the day I left, the settlement Stephen received had stipulations and made it hard to spend on anything that could help him or truly benefit him in any realistic/meaningful way.

Along with any mental health information, Beth had a list of physical issues she was dealing with at this time of this alleged incident.
She had a leg issue, that gave her back and neck pain. Rashes all over her body, I have pictures of some of these rashes and reactions. These are all things she spoke to my family about constantly. 

I explained to you how sick I was and why I ran off that morning.
Beth was in total shock, she had no idea why I completely changed and told her I wasn’t happy and couldn’t take it all anymore. 
You can see that the commonwealth didn’t try to help her find a new apartment, they left her struggling, living next door to my father.

Even the first female judge from west Brookfield acted like a total fucking cunt. She told me I could file to get the apartment. That’s why I asked for that recording.
Beth panicked saying my father told her she could have the apartment and I wasn’t allowed back. He never said that.

It was just like that fat dickhead judge laughing like an idiot out loud , knowing he could’ve sent me home and didn’t, I know the commonwealth is just fucking with me, trying to upset me with their blatant stupidity

I’m going to show up in court next time. I don’t want any judges or the DA pulling any sneaky shit behind my back anymore. 
I know they’re just going to try to dismiss this case and I want my trial. I refuse to allow them to drop these bullshit charges.

Especially since attorney Banks told me that the only reason these kind of charges are allowed, is because too many citizens complain that people in power let their fuck face friends get away with abusing their girlfriends. 
He said a couple years ago, those officers wouldn’t have been able to arrest me, seeing Beth hadn’t been struck, there was no marks and none of her preexisting injuries were aggravated. 

There’s a lot more details, but this is overwhelming to talk about. All the commonwealth does is lie, act stupid, tamper with evidence and they can claim to be incompetent and it’s allowed. I don’t understand why they aren’t forced to tell the truth. Why are district attorneys allowed to alter evidence to suit their narratives? 

Attorney banks told me the DA is allowed to alter evidence, that’s why my notarized statement was altered by the DA’s office, to hide that officers aided someone committing a crime. 

I’ve very excited and feel super positive about my case. 

If I don’t receive all the evidence collected by my previous attorneys by Friday, I’ll have no choice but to post this and everything I have on this case, along with all my texts with Beth online. I’m going to force this out in the open. 

On Jun 19, 2023, at 8:10 PM, Ricky Stebbins <thestebbman@yahoo.com> wrote:

﻿
Richard stebbins 10/08/1978
54 Hope st 
Springfield,MA 01119

On Jun 19, 2023, at 4:53 PM, Alexander Bergo <abergo@publiccounsel.net> wrote:

﻿
 

 

Alexander Bergo

Committee for Public Counsel Services

120 Front Street #300

Worcester, MA 01608

|T|508.368.1850

|F|508.890.3586

abergo@publiccounsel.net