Beth Nichols Victim Impact Statement

10/18/2023 When Mr. Stebbins struck me in the face on October 4th, 2021 it was the culmination of 5 years of mental, emotional, verbal, financial, sexual and physical abuse. I was brainwashed, manipulated, lied to and used. When he assaulted me my daughter was upstairs. I was terrified for my safety and hers. After speaking with the cops I immediately went to the courthouse and got an emergency restraining order. When I returned to court 10 days later to get the order extended to a year, the judge granted it to me and also said he already had 8 restraining orders from 6 different women. I was completely shocked and became even more concerned for my safety and relieved I had just been granted the order. I had been living with a stranger. He was a serial abuser and I had no idea he had this trail of tortured women in his past. In every story about his exes he was the victim and they were the villains. The person 1 thought I knew was just a character he had manufactured to lure me into his web of lies. I got into therapy immediately and am still receiving treatment. I learned about the cycle of abuse, narcissistic abuse and how to identify abuse tactics used in relationships. I never knew such evil existed and my trust in other people was shattered. I've had to fight hard to heal and move on with my life. I've had to rebuild my self-esteem and my entire life. I have PTSD, anxiety, flashbacks and nightmares. I'm learning how to live again and not just try to survive every day. After two years of therapy I have had to take psychiatric medication to help with the PTSD, anxiety, depression and nightmares. I've continued to go to court to renew my restraining order on the expiration date because I continue to be terrified he will find me, stalk me and hurt or kill me. The last restraining order I got wasn't served to him until he tried to contact me through an old friend. He thought that I had lapsed on getting it renewed. It would have been a violation of my restraining order if it had been properly served. I want him to go to jail. Past therapy, anger management, probation and other attempts to rehabilitate and educate him have failed. I don't want him to do this to anyone else.