Attorney Banks Page 1 of 14
When I first spoke with Attorney Roger Banks in court October 2021 after being charged with
domestic assault. I was severely traumatized by what my ex Beth Nichols had done to me. I
told him I wanted Beth charged with holding me against my will, threatening to use the police
to hurt me ( I wasn’t sure if there was a legal term for that, but I asked) and I wanted her
charged for stealing my backpack, Attorney Banks told me to wait so we could speak in his
office.
I met with Attorney Banks at his office in Spencer on Wednesday October 27, 2021.
*Attorney Banks started by asking if I did hit Beth and I told him no, I did not hit Beth, I told him
that she was lying and that she said she hoped police would hurt me and she wanted to ruin
my life for leaving her. Again I told Attorney Banks I wanted Beth charged with holding me
against my will, threatening to use the police to hurt me and stealing my backpack.
*Attorney Banks asked me to slow down, he asked what I did for work, I told him I'm on
disability. he asked what Beth did for work, I told him she worked part-time at Big-Y, he asked
how are relationship was, I told him it was great until the day of October 4th. He ask how long
we were dating, I told him 5 years.
*Attorney Banks asked where we lived, I told him in a two family side by side owned by my
father and that my dad and his wife Sue lived next door. He asked if they were home at the
time of this alleged incident, I told him Sue was home with her granddaughter, but my father
was at work.
*Attorney Banks asked if anyone else lived with us, I told him that Beth’s daughter Olivia had
just moved in with us a week prior and things were just getting settled. he asked if we got
along and I said yes, though I didn’t spend much time with her, she had a strained relationship
with her mother in the past and things were finally working out.
*Attorney Banks asked me to explain what happened that day, what led to Beth calling the
police.
I explained how I wasn’t feeling well at the time of this alleged incident, I was having severe
migraines and felt overwhelmed. Beth and I were sitting on our back porch after I had finished
the dishes. I told him that Beth and I always sat out on the back porch and talked, we’d been
talking about the same exact subjects since we first met. I told him Beth seemed like she had
totally lost it that morning, she was never like that before.
*Attorney Banks asked what I meant by lost it, I told him Beth’s son was the focal point in her
life, his safety and well-being meant the world to her and the recent neglect of her son had her
wanting to lash out at others, she had this crazy look in her eyes, so I had wanted to get away
from her.
I told Banks that Beth was also upset that morning about a rash her glasses had been causing
on her face recently, she is allergic to cobalt and she recently learned it was used as a dye in
their construction. She was also upset because she felt people at her job were being hard on
her for no reason and expected more out of her than other people.
I told him how the night before this alleged assault, Olivia had poured some gross water down
the kitchen sink, so I asked Beth to let Olivia know about the sink in the basement, Beth kept
on insisting that I tell Olivia myself, but I felt it wasn’t my place, I told her that people get upset
when I tell them things, but Beth seemed fixated on me telling Olivia myself.
Attorney Banks Page 2 of 14
That’s when Beth said Olivia told her that she noticed that I haven’t seemed as happy as I used
to be. I told Beth that I was feeling burned out, that something about my court papers and her
sons stuff was nagging at me.
I explained that those court papers referred the the felonies on my record. Beth wanted me to
become co-guardian of her autistic son Stephen and she was pushing me to get my record
expunged. Even her ex husband agreed that I should be their sons co-guardian, Beth was
hoping that I would be able to get into court before she and her ex had to refile for
guardianship. Allowing me to speak on her behalf without that paperwork seemed to be an
issue for the state and her sons group home companies.
I told Beth I think I‘m close to ready, but I still needed the audio from my first trial and my
superior court trial. She told me to tell it to her anyway, so I laid it all out for her.
I explained that Beth and I talked about two subjects all the time, my court issues and the
issues she’s had with the state and its cronies allowing the abuse and neglect of her son inside
state funded group homes. There was always a new abuse report or set of bruises. It was a full
time job keeping track of it all and trying to address it.
I explained that Beth wasn’t upset with me, she was upset with all the things that were going
on around us and she wanted to mouth off to people and wanted me to join in. Things were so
bad with the state workers and group home managers we had to deal with, that I felt I had to
start writing emails, instead of talking in the phone, just to keep track of and try preventing the
bold faced lies being told to us over the years.
I told Beth how it’s obvious when going over my court papers that no one cares. The courts
use collective stupidity against citizens.
*I told attorney Banks that I started at the beginning like I always do, Beth knows my ADHD will
have me trailing off, if I don’t focus on one subject and keep things linear.
I was married, in school for medical assisting and on workers comp when this all started, I
hadn't been diagnosed with hyperthyroidism or my genetic skeletal muscle disorder yet,
though I was suffering from their symptoms, so the choices I made weren't the brightest.
I was walking through the Springfield Walmart parking lot back to my car, when out of nowhere
I was struck by a vehicle. I was already injured at the time, unfortunately when the vehicle
struck me, I felt something tear in my right shoulder and then the rear tire stopped on my right
foot, in my attempt to free myself, I stumbled forward, accidentally elbowing the rear window,
shattering it. this all happened in a matter of seconds. The driver jumped out of her suv with
her phone to her head, yelling some nonsense. Security showed up and I told them I was
injured. Then I waited around for police to arrive.
When police arrived, they spoke with the driver first, then walked over and arrested me, they
didn’t take my statement, officers were very dismissive, I told them repeatedly I needed
medical attention. I asked and they refused to give me the drivers car insurance information, in
a mocking tone they told me to go to her address on fuller st in chicopee to get it. After being
released from jail and writing 'denied medical attention' on my release paperwork, I wrote a
statement with my left hand while I was in the emergency room and then I had my accountant,
who also worked 3rd shift, notarize this statement before handing it to an Ada the morning
after this incident, when I went to court for the first time. I also reported those officers denying
me medical attention to the first ADA I met, since I wrote about it in my notarized statement.
Attorney Banks Page 3 of 14
That ada gave me a black and white copy of my police report. I thought this was all a big
misunderstanding, so I agreed to represent myself.
Then during the next pretrial hearing, I had changed my mind about a lawyer, now I wanted
one, but different ada Katherine Johnston talked me out of one by telling me that I was going to
have to wait around until the end of the day, this was after I told her my shoulder, neck and
ankle were killing me and I wasn't on any medication, she told me this situation wasn’t a big
deal, I really didn’t need a lawyer. It’s just a formality. I could leave early if I agreed to go to trial
without a lawyer or I could be waiting around until the end of the day. so I agreed to represent
myself. When I learned of my injuries, I dropped copies of my injury reports off at the DA's
office right after leaving my drs appointments downtown. I requested the drivers car insurance
info and cell phone records, ADA Katherine Johnston said she'd get it for me. I reported
officers denying me medical attention to ADA Johnston and told her about it being in my
notarized statement.
I was very worried after learning about my new injuries, since I was already on workers comp
when this accident took place and didn't have a clue why I felt the way I did, so I went
downtown and filed a complaint against those arresting officers in what I was told to be a
department run by citizens on Maple St in Springfield, but I spoke to an officer. I knew before I
went down there that I received a torn rotator cuff and nerve damage in my right arm from that
incident. I had wanted those officers reprimanded for denying me medical attention and
refusing to give me the drivers insurance information.
Months after that Walmart incident, I went to trial without a lawyer, right before it started, ada
Johnston and ada Edward Kivari both came up to me and told me that judge Hadley said I
couldn’t have that drivers car insurance information or phone records, ( I had wanted the phone
records to prove she was on the phone when she hit me, not paying attention), they also said
this case was about wether I attacked her on purpose or not, not if I was injured at all. Before
trial judge Hadley said that my jury was sent home by accident. I agreed to have a trial by
judge and I was found guilty, placed on probation and ordered to go to anger management. I
was also ordered to come back 10 days later for restitution, because they didn’t have the
receipt or know the total for the window. but Judge Hadley did say I am owed a copy of the
invoice.
*Attorney Banks stopped me here and asked , they went to trial without having the receipt or
knowing the total? I said yes
When I went back to court ada Katherine Johnston boldly professed that the driver paid $311
for this window out of her own pocket. At this hearing judge Hadley again denied me the
drivers auto insurance info, he said it was a civil matter. after the hearing, ada Johnston refused
to give me a copy of the invoice, she said it had the drivers insurance info on it and judge
Hadley had denied me it.
None of this seemed right to me, so I used court lawyer services, then contacted attorney
Randy Milo to look into filing a motion for a new trial, which he did and attorney Eric
Applebaum to deal with the medical/car insurance side , since workers comp was only
handling my work related injuries. They shared an office in Springfield. They both claimed they
were unable to get me a copy of that window invoice.
After attorney Milo filed that motion, I received a letter in the mail saying that driver didn't have
car insurance at the time she hit me. I tried telling my probation officer Janet Ely, but she didn't
know who to report such a thing to, neither attorneys Milo or Applebaum claimed to know who
Attorney Banks Page 4 of 14
to report this to or how to handle it. They were unable to explain why police left that driver
being uninsured off of my police report.
I was then called into court because I hadn't started anger management, I was informed I
should've received a reply to the motion for a new trial already, but it wasn't mailed, I took that
opportunity to give judge Hadley that insurance reply and he read it, then said he couldn't read
it without the ADA there and then went into the backroom with my probation officer. I was
allowed to leave without being reprimanded
I received a reply to the complaint I filed on Maple st and saw that investigating officer left my
documented injuries off of that report and lied about what was said when I was released from
police custody, he claimed I asked for medical attention like an idiot, when I wrote denied
medical attention on my release paperwork and was threatened with being held until morning.
Then I called the Springfield police department and spoke with the chief for almost an hour, he
couldn't help with those officers denying me medical attention or the fact that girl didn't have
insurance and officers left that off my police report or that officer on Maple st ignoring my
documented medical injures in my complaint, the chief seemed confused and uninterested.
I used lawyer services again and contacted Attorney Anna Levine to attempt filing an appeal for
my case, she couldn't get that window invoice either and didn't know how to handle that
drivers lack of insurance or police denying me medical attention or leaving that drivers
insurance status off my police report. She said appeals don’t cover the Brady disclosure and
wasn’t sure if it was a violation.
So I went down to the mayors office and filed a complaint. I wrote the ACLU, the attorney
general, the governors office, I called the FBI and state police, no one could help.
Attorney Levine was never able to obtain the audio from my trial when Judge Hadley told me
my jury was sent home by accident, She also failed to obtain audio from the hearing I went to
for failing to start anger management , but she did get me other hearings and had them
transcribed.
A year after that Walmart incident, I noticed that driver kept driving past my house and I was
receiving threatening texts telling me to stop looking into that case, so I filed a harassment
order against her, on my way to the harassment order extension hearing I was attacked, there
should've been video from the Napa auto parts store a building 400 ft from where I was
attacked, but it was never investigated. the extension was denied
I filed another motion and went before judge Hadley and the comments he made while talking
about that car insurance issue and the faces he was making towards ADA Johnston inspired
me to keep looking.
After that I discovered my notarized statement was altered and I also learned that driver had
rejection sticker for safety and was able to take a picture of the courts copy in the docket with
my phone. I learned that driver had a sister working in the DA’s office, I also learned that driver
lived on the street I was attacked on, she lived 500ft from me this whole time.
Attorney Banks Page 5 of 14
Again I tried reporting this to the District Attorneys office, Jon Gay in the clerks office, the
Mayor, the Governor, the attorney generals office, the ACLU, the FBI, Springfield police and
state police.
This time State police gave me copies of paperwork that showed that drivers suspended
license, no insurance, suspended registration and rejection sticker for safety. She was still
driving around illegally, I tried reporting this to the Springfield police and DA’s office, even with
this physical proof, no one cared, it was ignored.
I received a response to the motion I filed in the mail and I even tried to complain about it to the
courts, because it ignored the insurance company questions I had again, I requested a different
judge since I had asked judge Hadley about this insurance issue multiple times and he tried to
claim it was a civil matter. In the meantime used this motion paperwork to get CJIS login in
verification. This proved officers looked up that drivers registration info and let her drive away
illegally.
Shortly after I received a letter about a court date for forgery and thought it was concerning my
altered statement being looked into, I didn't have a clue it was about the order judge Hadley
sent to me or that the order was fake. So I kept looking for more evidence against the driver
and ADA, that's when I discovered that receipt the ADA Johnston so boldly professed was paid
for was in fact a fake, it was never paid for and the price was raised from its original $245 to
$311.
I raced back to court with the original unaltered receipt, I spoke again with ADA Edward Kivari
outside the district Attorneys office and told him about that drivers lack of insurance,
suspended registration, rejection sticker for safety, police aiding and abetting, the altered
police report, my altered notarized statement, police denying me medical attention. I handed
him copies of the real receipt and a statement from the window company manager stating the
window was never paid for. ADA Kivari seemed confused and couldn't offer advice.
I then asked attorney Anna Levine to speak with then DA Mark Mastrioni and he offered
nothing.
* I asked attorney banks about that charge still being a felony because the original price for the
window before being altered was under $300, he said anything over $250 is a felony, I told him
it was under $250, he said he didn’t know, he’d need to see the docket. So I continued.
Attorney Levine couldn’t offer any advice on the altered evidence, a Brady disclosure violation
or who to report this to, she only knew how to handle appeals and none of this fit she claimed.
I spoke with Jon gay again in the clerks office and he was clueless as to how to report
anything, I asked about this being a conflict of interest because of the altered evidence on my
docket and the driver having family in the da's office, he said wouldn't look into anything or
point me in the right direction.
I then had that hearing I thought was about my altered statement and learned that I was
charged with forgery and I was appointed attorney Nolan to fight this charge, he thought the
evidence I collected against the Springfield police was the greatest, but he was forced to
withdraw due to a conflict of interest, that’s when I was appointed attorney Elaine Pourinski
and she had a private investigator look into the claims I made. the investigator confirmed what
I discovered about my notarized statement being altered, the one in the docket was missing
the pages about police denying me medical attention and them telling me the drivers home
Attorney Banks Page 6 of 14
address, he confirmed the window receipt that ada Johnston presented was a fake and had a
different price than the one that was faxed to her old insurance company. He confirmed that
the prosecution had color photos and they showed the red rejection sticker for safety, but they
only ever provided me with with black and white copy as is their policy. he confirmed the
drivers insurance and inspection sticker status was deleted off of my police report, he
confirmed the driver has a sister who works in the DA's office and a cousin who works in the
clerks office. He confirmed the investigator on Maple st lied in his report, leaving off my
documented injuries and that I had signed my release paperwork with Denied medical
attention.
*Again I asked if this was a conflict of interest, since I went down to the courthouse and told
everyone all of the evidence I found, I thought I could trust the courts and that driver had two
family members there helping her. attorney Banks didn’t know.
It was around this time that I started having suicidal ideation, due to undiagnosed
hyperthyroidism and being misdiagnosed and prescribed medication for issues I didn’t have.
My attorney Pourinski knew all about this and after trying to kill myself in October 2015, she
tried to get me to plead to a CWF, she knew I was a mess, the judge we went before denied it.
Then after I tried to kill myself for the 3rd time, I had a gun placed to my forehead and my files
taken from me by some stranger in the hallway right outside attorney Pourinski’s office in
Northampton on our final visit, she then coerced me into pleading guilty, she knew I didn’t
forge that document and she knew I wanted to fight this and use the evidence I had already
gathered against the district attorney’s office and Springfield police department, but she
convinced me there was no hope, she knew I was suicidal and refused to help me expose what
happened. She convinced me she was also worried about her safety and I should be worried
about my families and that I shouldn’t call police to report what happened. I agreed to plead
guilty in exchange for probation. Before pleading, we spoke with the superior court ada in the
hallway outside the courtroom and I was told what the judge wanted me to say, I plead guilty,
but didn’t say what I was supposed to, the judge made pissy faces, but still accepted my plea,
attorney Pourinski told me after trial that I was lucky the judge didn’t toss me in prison, she
was very angry.
After trial while filing out my probation paperwork, I tried telling the probation officer I was
coerced into pleading guilty, I begged the woman to tell me the names anyone I could contact
who would listen, I told her I recently had a gun placed to my forehead, I begged for a number
to anyone at all that I could report this to, she was unable to help me.
I was then sent to Worcester for probation because I had moved and again I tried reporting
what happened to the probation guy I was appointed, he was clueless and I tried reporting this
to the court appointed therapist they assigned me in Worcester. I asked them many times who I
could report this stuff to and no one could help. I attempted to file charges in chicopee but was
ignored.
And then I met you.
* I told Attorney Banks
I met Beth September of that year, while I was still on probation. The first night I met her she
told me all about her issues with her son being assaulted and how having him so far away has
been a horrifying experience and I told her everything about my court issues and suicide
attempts.
Attorney Banks Page 7 of 14
* I told attorney Banks, I had again asked my ex Beth to give me a some time to stretch my
neck, I told her I had a migraine, but she wanted to keep talking right then and there. Beth was
very insistent.
Beth then questioned me about an email I had been working on for her son, I had sent it out a
couple days before, but she had been working and we didn’t have time to talk about it before
that morning, she had been passing out early because hadn’t been sleeping well, not that she
ever slept well, she had nightmares every night, tossing and sounding like she was in a panic in
her sleep.
*I explained to attorney Banks that Beth had me write and respond to all emails regarding her
son Stephen. Beth found dealing with her sons group home workers and state managers to be
overwhelming. Even her ex husband Patrick Nichols agreed that having me write emails was a
good idea, people didn’t listen to either of them and lied to them all the time. this allowed us to
keep track.
Again I told Beth that something about all this stuff with her son was nagging at me and I
couldn’t figure it out. So she told me start at the beginning like always.
When we first met your son was locked in a psych ward 2 hours away in New Hampshire, even
though there were psych wards much closer, state workers even threatened to claim you
abandoned him there in their attempts to force you to place him in a setting you found unsafe.
Drs and state workers lied to you about your sons behaviors and drs at this hospital kept him
heavy sedated while there.
Then he moves to Crystal Springs and they to lie to our faces too. Rich Mancini shook my hand
and promised to make home visits a regular thing, he promised mall and park outings. He said
these things in front of you and they were bold faced lies.
Crystal Springs asl tried to keep him drugged instead of trying to communicate with him.

Staff would ignore him and close his door, knowing it upsets him, then one time when he
busted the cheap door down. Crystal springs tried to use this as an excuse to drug him,
instead of following his iep and trying to communicate with him.
They tried to force us to take restraint training, when I decided it was time for us to start taking
Stephen out on our own.
Then Rich Mancini calls to threatens to have your son sent to the emergency room, because
we refused to allow them to toss him in the closet anymore, they used the closet instead of
following his IEP.
*I told Banks I was disgusted they were constantly restraining her son and failing to document
it.
Rich Mancini claimed the company couldn’t take your son to the hospital after you arrived for a
surprise visit and discovered a large swollen area on his face. Staff had no explanation and
there was no documentation, so I drove 2 hours both ways to help both bring him to get
checked by drs.
Attorney Banks Page 8 of 14
Then he gets dumped at KDC, those staff loved watching violent rap videos with us there, they
talked about the Florida of the North and staff used his Netflix account to watch violent movies,
not the Disney type he actually likes, they lie about taking him for walks and then there are the
undocumented injures, visible infections on his hands with zero explanation. Companies
change and Amigo also lies about making home visits a thing and Stephen started getting
mystery handprints on his arm, his old manager from the house he was abused at years ago,
started working with him, this Craig Robinson told me about the abuse that happened at his
previous company and he was the only person your son ever reacted panicky around, Craig
looked the other way when he started jumping up and down, making loud vocalizations I've
never witnessed this behavior before and he glared right at Craig the whole time.
When we tried to get him transferred to another home, the state workers lied about who owns
these homes, it sounded like a real-estate fraud scheme, since public records didn't match
what they were saying.
We file multiple claims of abuse and neglect, we finally get him to a closer house and the
problems just seem to get worse and I told her this new house also seemed like a problem that
needed to be addressed asap.
Beth agreed and we talked about the current issues going on in her sons new home. They were
understaffed and poorly trained staff. Clients were happy when we he first moved in, but that
changed and program managers said these guys do that, which we thought was bullshit, staff
were always on their phones, the bathroom was disgusting with a scum layer covering the
walls.
Beth didn’t understand what I meant about what was bothering me, outside of the normal
issues we were always dealing with. Beth was worked up because she just learned while we
were talking that morning that her sons new house manager was fired, this women was going
help us expose the abuse and neglect going on inside Beth’s sons current home placement.
This lady said she was doing the job cause she said she loved it, not cause she needed the
money.
So I told Beth about the email I had sent.
I told Banks one of their program managers had lied to our faces about getting staff to take her
son for walks and they also never arranged home visits. I gave him the basics on the email
since mine was missing. I assume Beth deleted mine since she still had access to my laptop
for weeks.
One day we went to visit her son and assemble a bureau, a program manager was there and I
spoke with her about taking her son on walks, this woman said they needed two staff, I asked
how she was going to make this happen when there’s only two or three staff working with 5
guys? She said not to worry about it, they’re hiring staff. I asked her to contact us weekly and
I’ll personally come take him for walks of they can’t, she said that wouldn’t be necessary, again
I questioned her about staff, she said they haven’t hired anyone yet. So I asked how they were
going to make this happen anytime soon, she said it'll happen.
During this same visit Beth was downstairs with her son, she had previously bought a tv tray
for her son to eat his meals on, because another resident was violent at the kitchen table, but
staff took his tv tray for themselves, this happened while we were both there. Her son had a
Attorney Banks Page 9 of 14
dinner plate on his lap. Beth was horribly upset, her hands were shaking, the program manager
had to speak with staff about appropriate behavior. There was also the incident where her sons
FaceTime was turned on and left pointing at the ceiling for two hours without any staff
interacting with him at all, but I could hear yelling, pounding and grunting coming from another
part of the house. It wasn’t from a television. Beth wanted all of this documented and
addressed asap, she seemed frustrated that it took me longer than normal to write that email.
*I told attorney Banks that this stuff was really weighing on my mind that morning, but Beth
was the one getting herself all fired up, more so than I felt was needed
We didn’t know what to do next, we tried and failed many times attempting at reporting the
abuse and neglect to DDS, the DPPC, the state and local police, calling the disability law
center.
I told Banks I tried to change the subject to scrappy’s (Beth's dog) upcoming dental
appointment and Beth brought up driving arrangements. That’s when I told Beth about my Dad
stopping me on my way in the night before and told me he didn’t want to getting another car,
he said he didn’t want the driveway looking like a parking lot. Beth seemed very upset by this,
she told me that she was going to buy me a car and she was going to speak to my father,
which just sounded like she wanted to argue with someone to me.
*I explained to attorney Banks that Beth had been keeping track of all the hours I helped her
with her son and all the miles put on my car visiting her son, I also let Beth use my car for work
and it was damaged, so she was going to reimburse me, the total was around $10,000 at that
point.
I told Beth I didn’t want her speaking to my father, that we don’t have the money for a car
accessible at the moment, so I don’t want to start a fight over something that isn’t even
possible. Beth got very frustrated cause she really wanted me to be able to head of to her sons
house and make surprise visits to keep an extra eye on her son.
Beth then said she wanted to talk about her daughters boyfriend sleeping over, which I
responded, she just moved in and we agreed to live here under my dads rules.
It was at this point I told Beth I’m done talking, I wanted to leave, that I wasn’t going to be
around to start trouble with people, that the things she says to people always comes back on
me.
*I told attorney Banks how my dad gave me discount on rent, at this time I was paying our rent,
electric and phone bills, Beth paid for our food and her car.
I got up to grab my things so I could leave. Beth followed me into our dining room and kept
trying to tell me things, but I told her I’m done.
Then Beth started saying “if you’re so unhappy then hit me”. I told her grow up, I can’t take this
anymore. Beth tried to get in my way as I grabbed my medication and placed it in my
backpack, she was acting childish and trying to prevent me from gathering my dogs heart
worm and her toothbrush. I told Beth this is why no one wants to help you. I told her I’m
Attorney Banks Page 10 of 14
leaving, you can have the apartment. Then once my backpack was ready, I went upstairs to
change my clothes, since it was cold and rainy out.
Beth followed me upstairs into our middle bedroom and closed the door behind us. While I was
changing, I told her to move out of the way multiple times and she kept saying " No I'll call the
cops if you try to move me". She tried telling me something else, but I wasn’t listening to
anything she said. This went on for a half hour, she refused to move, she threatened me
multiple times, saying she’d call the cops on me if I moved her, she said she’d tell them I hit
her. I repeatedly told Beth you can’t do this stuff to people, this is why no one wants to help
you. She continued this childish behavior and when I couldn't take anymore, I told her “I’ll
scream for help, I haven’t heard anything you were talking about, I stopped listening after you
threatened to call the cops”. She got this deranged look on her face and said “I am gonna call
the cops and tell them you hit me, I’ll never stop, I hope you do kill yourself this time.”
*Banks asked if Beth ever mocked me like that before? I told him no, this was the first time she
ever said she hoped I killed myself. I told Banks Beth's daughter Olivia was in the bedroom
next to the one we were in, I wasn't fighting or arguing with Beth, I just wanted to get away
from her.
After hearing that, I picked up my dog Harley and told Beth to “get the fuck out of my way”,
she opened the door and walked out, then she stood in front of the stairs for a moment, almost
like she was going to try blocking my way again, hoping I'd push her down the stairs. but then
she moved aside, allowed to go downstairs, she followed behind me. As I was putting Harley’s
harness on, Beth snatched my backpack and refused to give it back.
•Banks asked what else in my backpack, I told him my FPV drove setup, telescopic fishing pole
and lures, my knee, elbow and ankle braces, phone charger, poncho. I told him I took it with
me every time I left the house.
Beth mocked me as she held my backpack, saying she’ll never pay me back, again saying that
if I walk out that door she hopes I do kill myself, she said she hopes police hurt me and put me
in the hospital.
I told her this is why no one wants to help you, you act like a child and purposely try to upset
people when you don’t get your way. I told Beth she has no right to do these things to people
after they’ve helped her and still have the nerve to expect them to listen to anything she has to
say.
I told Beth I hope the police do hurt me, cause I’m never going to help you ever again.
Again she told me she’ll never pay me back, good luck getting a job. I said whatever, you have
to no right to try to trap me here. You’re just desperate to be a victim.
She grabbed my second set of headphones that I kept hanging on a kitchen hook and was
dangling my backpack as if she wanted me to try grabbing them from her. She was in the
middle of kitchen and I was in the dining room, I walked towards her in the kitchen, I told her to
give me my backpack, then she walked towards the front door and I took that opportunity to
escape out the backdoor with my dog Harley.
**Banks asked again if elbowed her on the way out. I told him no, and told him that Sue and
Olivia would’ve heard our dogs go crazy if I had hit Beth. plus Beth has a laundry list of
Attorney Banks Page 11 of 14
physical issues, if I had assaulted her in any way, she would’ve aggravated something, she
definitely would’ve raced to the hospital.
* I told attorney Banks that I thought all of this stuff she's been through had finally gotten to her
and I thought she needed a mental health evaluation.
*Attorney Banks asked if Beth ever did this before and I said yes, I told him about a time about
6 months before, Beth had tried holding me in our bedroom when no one was around. I tried
walking by her and she became all dramatic, she claimed I brushed into her as I tried to sneak
by and she said she’d call the cops if I left. She even told people about it. I didn’t believe she’d
actually do it, the first time seemed more like she was panicking.
•Banks said he wants a list and would contact my witnesses and get statements about what
Beth said to them about holding me in that room.
•Attorney Banks asked what happened with police. I told him that I agreed to continue
speaking to police after they read me my rights and told him what details I shared with them.
Banks told me that was a terrible idea, he told me the less I say the better.
*Banks said he would request the body cam footage.
*I asked Banks why officers didn’t charge Beth for what she did to me, he said officers
probably didn’t want to make things worse, since their report doesn’t indicate any injuries, Beth
denied needing medical treatment and officers didn’t take any pictures, plus I told Banks that
Beth had these previous medical issues, why weren’t any of them aggravated.
*Banks said he would request a copy of Beth’s medical records.
*I told Banks how lucky I felt that I wasn’t injured by police. That Beth was well aware that I’m
disabled because of a genetic skeletal muscle disorder and I’ve had over a dozen orthopedic
joint surgeries, she said she hoped officers would hurt me.
Again I asked about having Beth charged for holding me against my will, stealing my backpack
and threatening to use police to hurt me. Banks said it was up to officers if they found probable
cause. I asked banks if this was assault, since Beth made threats of having police hurt me, or if
it was aiding and abetting since police officers followed her commands and ignored my safety
and well-being. he just shrugged.
I told banks that just because officers were gentle with me, didn’t mean that what they were
doing couldn’t have caused me serious physical harm. My shoulder and neck were cramping at
the time of my arrest and I had a horrible migraine. Banks told me that the laws were changed
so that people could be arrested for assault and battery without any evidence to support the
claim, all because citizens complained that people in power got away with physically abusing
their loved ones, he gave an example of some baseball player I’ve never heard of beating his
wife and not being arrested.
I asked Banks if the police could be charged with assault and battery and kidnapping for doing
as Beth commanded and not charging her for what she did to me? he said no, it's a judgement
call on their part.
Attorney Banks Page 12 of 14
I told attorney Banks about Beth Lying during our restraining order extension hearing October
14, 2021, she claimed my father said she could have our apartment and I wasn’t allowed back
and that she said there was a history of abuse. Which was a boldfaced lie.
Attorney Banks said he would send a request to the ada to obtain the court recording from that
day and he would get a statement from my father and that I shouldn’t speak to him about this
incident.
Attorney Banks also said the court recording and body cam footage had to come from the
district attorney’s office and he would request it all.
I also made Attorney Banks aware of a 911 alert I received from Beth’s son Stephens phone on
October 24,2021, I showed him a picture of the alert and a picture of the bruises a staff
member inflicted upon her son at one point. Beth's son was living in a group home for the
mentally challenged at this time and I was really concerned for his safety and well-being.
Attorney Banks dismissed my concerns and laughed, he said he gets reports of disabled
people being abused in this home all the time and told me that he has a client at that very
address. He continued laughing when talking about the guy who got naked and would slam his
fists down on the kitchen table when dinner wasn’t served on time. He also spoke about
different abuse allegations that Beth and I weren’t made aware of, back when I was still
supposed to be alerted, staff were caught yelling at clients, clients had mystery bruises, I
asked what I could do about the 911 alert I received or past abuse reports I filed, attorney
Banks said nothing, He told me not to worry about it, it’s not my concern anymore. I asked
about the past abuse reports I filed on her sons behalf, Banks just shrugged.
Attorney Banks assured me I had nothing to worry about because police didn’t take this
seriously, police didn't take my statement, police didn't take any pictures of Beth’s alleged
injuries, police didn’t take statements from anyone else in the house at the time. He noted that
Beth didn’t seek medical attention. He said we were just going through the motions, the laws
have changed, it's nothing personal.
*I asked Attorney Banks who I could report ada Johnston for tampering with evidence, and
altering notarized statements to, he said the DA’s office can alter evidence if it indicates
another crime, he said he would have to see my court docket.
* I asked attorney banks if an ada withholding the fact the driver was committing a crime at the
time of this alleged incident was a violation of the Brady disclosure? He wasn’t sure.
*I asked attorney Banks if it was aiding and abetting when officers allowed that driver to drive
away illegally? he wasn't sure
* I asked banks about the missing insurance info on the police report, shouldn't police be
required to notify people in accidents of drivers without insurance and rejection stickers for
safety? he said he wasn’t sure.
* I asked attorney banks about this being a Conflict of interest because that drivers sister
worked in the DA's office. He didn’t know
Attorney Banks Page 13 of 14
* I asked Banks who I could report being coerced into pleading guilty in superior court, he said
he didn't know how things were done in superior court.
Before I left his office, attorney Banks agreed again to request the body cam and warren
booking footage since police didn’t document me giving my statement,
He told me he would send a request to the DA’s office for the October 14, 2021 restraining
order audio, he said it would help my case to prove that Beth lied about things my father said
to her, that Beth was trying to create conflict within my family.
Banks told me all evidence requests had to go through the da’s office so it could take a while.
I reminded Banks that the emails I sent on Beth’s sons behalf were no longer in my yahoo
account said he would send in a request to subpoena Beth’s emails to the state.
I told Banks I wanted my trial asap, he told me I have to wait a year, Beth has to be given time
to drop the charges.
I told Banks that Beth would never stop, she said it herself, she really hopes I'll get stressed
out over all of this and kill myself. You didn’t see the look in her eyes, I'd never seen Beth like
that before, she looked like she lost it.
Banks told me he would request money for an investigator to speak Sue and Olivia, because
they were in the house that day, he also said speaking to the people Beth bragged about
holding me against my will the first time and then claiming I bumped into her while trying to get
by, would be good for my case and showed a pattern of behavior for Beth.
He thought it would be a good idea for the investigator speak to Beth’s coworkers, after I told
him we used to work together traveling to different Big Y’s to set up new products and Beth
currently worked at Big Y in Palmer with her daughter and people we know.
He also wanted statements about Beth owing me $10,000 as a possible motive for lying. along
with the fact Olivia just moved in a week before and how Beth lied during our restraining order
hearing about my Dad saying she could have our apartment and I wasn't allowed back.
In court April, 4, 2022 Attorney Banks told me he received the 911 call audio and that body
cam footage, but hadn’t finished listening to it, , he mentioned Beth denying the need for
medical attention, he ask me why I was so worried about my dog. He wanted to listen to the
entirety, then set up a date and time to listen to it together. Banks asked me why I kept talking
after being arrested, again I reminded him about the stuff that happened to me in Hampden
county district court. attorney Banks still hadn’t requested money for an investigator like he
agreed to do, so I called him out on it, I told him my father is still waiting to be questioned.
Banks got mad and gabbed his finger in my face telling me not to tell him how to do his job.
Banks requested the money for an investigator at this pretrial hearing, he said he would get the
investigator to question people right away.
At our next pretrial date June 23, 2022, Banks claimed something came up and handed me a
paper with a new court date and left.
Attorney Banks Page 14 of 14
During the next pretrial conference September 20, 2022 I asked Banks what was going on and
if he was going to do any of the things he agreed he would do and where that body cam
footage was, he acted confused and said he’d make a request me to get a new lawyer, since I
didn’t seem happy with his job performance. The judge accepted his requested to withdraw
and implied that I couldn’t handle the truth, when I tried to speak up about attorney Banks
behavior and failure to follow through on things we agreed he would do, but the judge wasn’t
interested.