 Court clerk:
Richard stebbins trial assignment motion withdrawal


Sean McGinty:
Your honor I move to withdraw because my client and I have not seen eye to eye on many, many issues. Judge. so I, very difficult for us to work together. I moved to withdraw Judge.

Judge: not getting along with your lawyer?

Richard “Ricky” Stebbins:
I would like an explanation as to what’s going on, respectfully Your Honor. and I believe that it would benefit you to hear these explanations from both the lawyers I’ve been assigned and the district attorneys office, I spoke to the governor‘s office, the Attorney General, even some state police about the issues I’ve been having, and my case has been put off for over 2 1/2 years, and I’ve never agreed once to put my case off or my trial off,ever. and all this information I’ve been asking for, it’s been 2 1/2 years that everybody seems confused on how to get it, even though I’ve obtained this type of information in the past, I’m asking for recording from a restraining order hearing and then a restraining order extension, to go along with the 911 call I have, because there’s three different stories being told about this incident, and then I’ve been forced to come out here. I don’t even know how many dozens of times, I’m physically disabled,  so this puts all kinds of undue hardship on me, I make limited income, I’m forced to pay $50-$100 to travel out here and then nobody does anything. I just stand around in the hallway. I asked questions and people act confused. I sent Mr. Mcginty and previous Alex Virgo emails, so I could cover all of this, and I made videos and I put all my evidence online. so there’s no way anybody’s gonna cover this up. I’m on very petty charge of misdemeanor assault charge, but the assistant district attorney‘s office is trying to cover up abuse of mentally challenged people, I’ve filed  dozens of support and they keep being tampered with.
 and they don’t want that getting out. All these companies are covering up all this abuse. This is why the situation happen. I ran out of my ex, cause I don’t wanna deal with people.
 all these people lie, cheat, steal, nobody has any morals or ethics.

I’m not gonna attack my ex. I have nothing negative to say about her at all, I don’t care that she said that I elbow her in the face or someone allege that I did that, I didn’t hear her say it, when I left the house and when the Police arrived, there was no marks on her face. all she was upset about the abuse going on with her son.


Judge: sir, we’re not trying the case right now, okay?

Ricky: I know they’re not trying my case, it’s being put off.

Judge: so, so, so, so

Ricky: i’d like a trial date, sir, please.

Judge: Mr. Mcginty’s asked to withdraw., it seems that you don’t get along with him, so that’s gonna delay the case somewhat

Ricky: No Your Honor. I don’t believe I need a lawyer after all the things that my lawyers and assistant districts attorneys done to me, this proves my case, I’ve had previous cases with the, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and they withheld evidence. I got hit while I was walking by a car,.

Judge: you know what, 

Ricky: the car didn’t have car insurance

Judge: I, frankly, sir, I’m not interested in your life history. Ok? I want

Ricky: I was talking to my ex the day I was.


Judge: I want to deal with this particular case

Ricky: This is part of this case. I talked about my ex the morning

Judge: Sir

Ricky: of this alleged.

Judge: Sir, it’s time for you to stop talking, OK

Ricky: Yes, Your Honor

Judge: Mr. Mcginty you willing to be standby council? if not that’s fine.

McGinty: I would not judge, I would prefer not to be standby council.

Judge: alright, so sir, you have the right to have a lawyer, all right, you may hire one.

Ricky: I don’t 

Judge: you’re gonna listen to me

Ricky: yes Your Honor

 Judge: you may hire one at own expense. If you cannot afford one you can ask the court to appoint one to reduce your fee or no fee or you may represent yourself. What would you like to do myself? 

Ricky: I’d like to represent myself

Judge: OK how old are you?


Ricky: 45

Judge: How far did you go in school? 

Ricky: some college

Judge: Have you ever been treated for mental illness or condition? 

Ricky: yes

Judge:  you currently being treated?

Ricky: yes

Judge: Are you on medication?

Ricky: No


Judge: is lack

Ricky: well for my hyperthyroidism, I’m not on psychiatric medication

Judge: OK

Judge: is your condition, or  effect your ability to understand these proceedings.

Ricky: no


Judge: have you had any drugs or  alcohol in the last 24 hours? 

Ricky: no


Judge: alright, do you understand that lawyers due to their, their education and training have specialized knowledge that you may not have, they may be able to recognize issues, may be a motion to suppress or dismiss or certain defenses that you may not be aware of, do you understand that?

Ricky: yes, Your Honor


Judge: without a mind, do you still want to represent represent yourself?

Ricky: yes Your Honor

Judge: Sign a Waver of council, please
Who has this for the DAs office?

Court clerk: Ada Lindsay White Your Honor

Judge: Mr McGinty, do you have any discover you can provide him.

Mcginty: Yes, I do

Ricky: you honor, if I may


Judge: if you want recordings of their proceedings, sir, OK, You can make that request through the court.


 Ricky: about the previous request. 

Judge: I don’t know anything about any previous request, sir.


Ricky: Well there were in emails to the lawyers, should I contact the lawyer that we’re supposed to make the request, or who they were supposed to

Judge: they no longer represent you. Your representing yourself, so you’re gonna have to make the request yourself,



Court clerk: judge, Would you like to set for a trial assignment date or a trial date?


Judge: why don’t you set it for a trial date.


Court clerk: What August 8 be available?

Judge: how about the 5th?

Judge: August fine with you

Ricky: yes your honor

Judge: so this is scheduled for jury trial. You understand that.

Ricky: yes your honor

Court clerk: judge I just will repeat that for Attorney Mcginty discovery is complete from this point, thank you.


Court clerk: , August 5 for jury trial


Judge: expect you and your witnesses, you have any witnesses? they expected to be here on that day 

Ricky: I’ll call witnesses


Judge: at 8:45. you have to provide the Commonwealth, the prosecutor with a list of witnesses?

Ricky: how long ahead of time?


Judge: umm, one week beforehand, you’re all set
