

Court clerk: please step up to the microphone, began by going through the trial list, Richard stebbins scheduled for jury trial.

Judge Ginsburg: good morning

Ada Lindsay White: good morning Your Honor ,Lindsay White for the Commonwealth

Judge: OK so let me just check here so, you represent the Commonwealth
Do you have a lawyer sir or you representing yourself?

Ricky: I’m representing myself

Judge: OK, all right let’s hear from the prosecutor, ah, looks like it’s on for jury trial, OK, what’s the prosecutor’s position on this one?

White: uh, Your Honor, I did speak to the um, Mr. Stebbins, we did agree to a date of 10-15 for a jury trial.

Judge: for jury trial, ok, we don’t have forums today for a jury trial. So is discovery all complete.

White: yes, your honor.

Judge: this case has been going on for a while so I assume so. Ok
So 10-15, Tuesday 10-15 for jury trial, so sir if you’re representing yourself, you need to umm, talk to the prosecutor, uh I don’t know if you’ve conferenced the case, so know what to expect, who the witnesses, are things like that. Um, I always say this two people, when I look, take a look at the charge and I say, I’m gonna say this, a lot of people would say with charges like this it’d be a very good idea to have a lawyer, who knows the rules of evidence, you can make your own decision, I see the case has been going on for a long time, I just feel I have an obligation to let you know that was a charge like this, umm a lot of people would say it would be a good idea to have a lawyer that knows how to negotiate with the prosecutor, um, get evidence, get evidence into a trial, things like that.

Ricky: I had four lawyers appointed to me and I requested evidence and I did this in email form and it never happened. I’m still gonna go to trial without this evidence, cause I’m gonna use that as part of my case

Judge no, no, no, no, don’t go to trial without evidence, and were have con, the trials, hold on a minute, the trials getting continued until October, so there’s plenty of time to get whatever evidence it is you think you’re entitled to, what is the evidence that you think

Ricky: I’m sorry, Your Honor

Judge: what is the evidence that you think you don’t have?

Ricky: I have emails that I sent on Miss Nichols behalf, that she had in her possession when I had left

Judge: emails

Ricky: Emails about her son, about the treatment of her son, and about her mental state.

Judge: emails that you sent

Ricky: yes, on her behalf, she had these saved for legal proceedings in the future

Judge: so have you talked to the prosecutor that, I don’t know anything about the case, so I can’t get into too much detail about it, but have you talked about that particular issue Commonwealth, emails?

White: uh, I received, I have received evidence from the uh,  from Mr. Stebbins, so

Judge: well, he’s talking about, it sounds like evidence to him, given to him, That what you’re talking about, sir?

Ricky: I think it’s rule 17 a third-party information, Miss Nichols was saving ( recording cuts out) she has a son who’s disabled

Judge: sir, sir, this is the thing, when you have a lawyer, a lawyer knows how to stream line it and knows how to make it understand able to me. is it evidence?

8:53:58 Ricky: I’ve had four lawyers and they slowed me.

Judge: Is it evidence? Sir hold on a minute, another thing lawyer knows is you don’t have to interrupt their judge. Ok, so, Do you have evidence you’re looking to get from the prosecutor, yes or no.

Ricky: yes

Judge: OK so, have you talked to her recently about what that evidence is?

Ricky: no

Judge: so I’m gonna have you step into the hallway, talk to the prosecutor, clarify what evidence it is, if there’s a dispute Commonwealth. you don’t
Of course, because you want it sir,  doesn’t mean you’re legally to it, a lawyer would know what that is, I’m gonna have you talk to the prosecutor in the hallway.

Ricky: I don’t want it, I don’t want it. The court date is fine. I don’t want the information.

Judge: no, no, no, no, can’t come back on the next time and say I didn’t get the evidence, this is how we do it. You talk before the court date to clarify what evidence is that you say that you need.

So I’m gonna have you step in the hallway step in the hallway, talk to the prosecutor, will call the case again quickly and get you out of here, but this is how we do it, sir. There’s no trial by ambush and a the way to get it by talking before the trial date.

Ricky: and I’m gonna have to record this conversation with 
District Attorney in the hallway. I’ve had this conversation with my previous lawyers.

Judge: all right, go to the hallway and talk to the prosecutor and she’s gonna come back and report on what evidence is outstanding or is in dispute all right?




Court clerk: Richard Stebbins, scheduled for jury trial. 

Judge: OK so on this case so um, so you’re talking about having um, outstanding discovery issues. So were you able to talk to the prosecutor about that?

Ricky: no

Judge: OK, Commonwealth what can you report on that?

White: uh, your honor, uh let me about to speak to the um, to Mr. Stebbins on that matter. Um,
I think I am aware of what he’s asking for.

Judge: well let me ask you, is there, there a reason why you’re unable to talk to him? Is there

White: he was trying, uh, he asked to record the conversation and I declined. 

Judge: and you don’t wanna do that, right ok um, so, that, is that the case, sir is that the only way you’ll talk to her is if you can record the conversation?

Ricky: I’m sorry, but I was supposed to have a trial today

Judge: yup, so

Ricky: so if I had trial today, this evidence, I asked for 2 1/2 years ago. I would’ve went to trial without it, so, I’ll go to try out without this evidence. 


Judge: OK so, sir, here’s the thing

Ricky : She knows about the evidence that she doesn’t want to gather it, that’s fine.

Judge: No, no, no, no, no, no first of all nobody’s having a trial today, sir, there’s limited forums, courtrooms, so it’s not just you. There’s a number of other trials, we just continued, we’ll continuing some other ones, it’s nothing to do with you personally  or your case. I want you.
Wait, let me finish, OK so ,nobody’s having a trial today, including you. It’s not personal to you or the prosecutor in this case.

Ricky: I understand that 

Judge: so let me just tell you that part now in terms of um, in every criminal case we try to make sure that discovery is resolved, meaning the information the prosecutor is going to give to you, this shouldn’t be trial by surprise, we don’t do a trial by surprise in Massachusetts. If the prosecutor wants to introduce evidence in to you, she lets you know.
If you want to introduce evidence against her, you let her know.
So you told me this morning, you had some issue there’s outstanding discovery, I wouldn’t, you’re entitled to it,  if you’re if it’s under the rules of criminal procedure and case law, if you’re entitled to it, I will order the prosecutor to provide it to you, if you’re entitled to it, so I don’t know what the issues are, I see a very old pretrial conference report in the case. So it sounds like today you’re not able to talk together today in person, while you’re here in court she doesn’t have to agree to be recorded and if that’s your rule for today, then she doesn’t have to agree to that, I’m not gonna order her to allow you to record her.
So what I am gonna do, sir in terms of discovery is this, all right, so you, you’re ready to pick a trial date is that right? Everyone thinks, pick a trial date, so lets start with that, what date can you agree on for a trial?

White: October 15 Your Honor

Judge: OK is that the day you agreed to sir?

Ricky: if that’s the soonest there is, that’s what I’m stuck with

Judge: OK, so let me look to make sure we don’t have too many other cases on that day.
What day of the week is October 13th, I have Tuesday being the 15th

White: it was the October 15th Your Honor


Judge: oh, 15th, 15th, OK yes, the 15th, yes, that’s a good day for the court, so that’s gonna be the jury trial day, if that’s what you want sir, a jury trial not a bench trial, we’re gonna do though in terms of discovery is this. I’m gonna give you 10 days, sir, We’re gonna write this down for you also. You’re gonna have 10 days from today, today’s August 5, that’s gonna give you, 2,3,4, you’re gonna have until August 15, we’re gonna write this down if we could court officer, thank you very much, you have until August 15th to request in writing to the prosecutor, the information that you think you’re entitled to OK? So she’s gonna give you before you leave today, her contact information, um, you can deliver it, a hand deliver it to the office to her. You can mail it to her. She’s gonna give you her address, so that you have that information about where you’re gonna request whatever information you think that you’re entitled to OK? Now you gotta look at, I urge you to look at the rules of criminal procedure and case law to determine what in fact you, just cause you want it doesn’t mean she has to give it to you. It may not be in her custody and control. If she doesn’t have it, she doesn’t have to go out and get it. 
9:46:41
OK now the Commonwealth is gonna have 10 days after that to respond. So the Commonwealth, you’re gonna have until say the 26th, because that’s a Monday, OK August 26. the Commonwealth has to provide whatever answer that she has, in writing, she’s gonna provide it in writing, OK, you’re both gonna do this in writing, so that’s how we’re gonna record, take notes, so there’s no confusion about what you’re asking for and what she’s agreeing to, and then we’re gonna pick a date, sometime after that, that you’re gonna come to court, both of you are gonna come to court for a final trial assignment date. Just make sure that all discovery issues are complete, so there’s no, because she may feel she doesn’t have to give you the discovery and it may be that a judge would disagree, so just like any other defendant you ask the prosecutor, she gives you what she thinks she’s supposed to give you and  if you think she isn’t giving you what you’re entitled to, you can ask the judge, so Commonwealth, I’m gonna ask you to suggest a date and a timeframe sir.


Ricky: I’m sorry, but what you just said was everything was, that I disagreed with the previous lawyers I had about and the district attorney, this information.

Judge: OK, OK,  hold on a minute, sir, this is what we’re doing ,this is the process, so let’s pick a date. So it’s gonna be after the after the 26th, it’s gonna be let’s say, sometime the first or second week of September.
9:48:04
It’s gonna be for final trial date, that’s gonna come in and clarify once and for all whether you have all, sir, if you haven’t requested it, I should make this clear, if you haven’t requested it, in that next 10 days, if you don’t request it, you’re not entitled to it, discovery is done, discovery is finished, if you don’t ask for it, if you don’t write it down, and ask the prosecutor for it, your time to ask for it done, this case has been going on a long time. So Commonwealth, what day would you suggest in that timeframe? We’ll make sure it’s a day OK for him, 

White: September 9th Your Honor.

Judge: September 9, all right, it’s a Monday, that day is good for you as any other day, sir? To come to court.

Ricky: can I do this on zoom? is there a reason I have to physically be?

Judge: No, you should come in person because that helps resolve the issues, OK

Ricky: OK, then that’s fine, I’ll be here.

9:48:48
judge: September 9, OK September 9 then is a in court event, that’s a trial assignment date, OK, so you need to come to court September 9 to address and just make sure that all the discovery has been addressed, that’s not enough time for you to ask for a new item sir.

9:49:10
Anything you haven’t asked for by August 15, you’re foreclosed, prevented from asking for any future information about, OK, so we’re gonna wrap up, close out discovery in this case, August 15, by August 15 you gotta send it to her, so she can respond, she’s gonna respond in writing. If you’re disagreeing Commonwealth, you need to respond in writing, I don’t feel I need to have that, I don’t have that, whatever your response is, do it in writing, so he gets it, this is the way you guys are gonna communicate,OK,

White: yes, your honor

 then we’re gonna see you both here September 9, 8:45 in the morning to make sure all discover is all set if there’s disputes if you think you’re entitled to something, that she hasn’t provided you by that date, you can argue to a judge, and one way or another we’ll see you for trial on that October date

White: thank you Your Honor

Judge: OK Commonwealth have any questions?

White: no Your Honor

Judge: sir, do you have any questions

Ricky: no Your Honor

Judge: OK, we’ll see back here September 9 thank you