Attorney O'Doherty Page 1 of 5
I was appointed Attorney O'Doherty without explanation, on March 16 ,2023 we spoke at
length about the things that happened with Beth October 4, 2021, our relationship, the things I
told police after being arrested and what I talked to attorney Banks about.
Attorney O'Doherty was very excited when I told him how Beth visually appeared when she
said that she hopes I do kill myself this time and she wanted the police to hurt me. He said he
wanted to use those statements against her at trial.
He was also very excited about Beth owing me $10,000 and her comments about not paying
me, since I told him that there were references to this in our emails to her sons group home
managers and state area directors and Beth also told my family and friends. These emails also
covered Beth wanting me to become co-guardian to her son. O'Doherty said he would use a
rule 17 to subpoena those records and have the investigator question my list of people about
her remarks.
O'Doherty also spoke to me about pursuing a harassment order because of the things Beth
posted online, he said it would help my defense, I choose not to, I just wanted to go to trial. He
said he would have an investigator document the things Beth posted online for my trial.
O'Doherty wanted me to focus on Beth holding me in that middle bedroom and her owing me
money, he wanted me to ignore the things we talked about that led to her actions. I told him I
couldn’t do that.
I told O'Doherty I've been back on thyroid medication and my perspective had changed
I told O'Doherty that my refusing to listen to Beth is what set her off that morning. In the days
leading up to this alleged assault, I showered Beth with affection, we weren’t having
relationship issues, our relationship was great. whenever Beth did get upset, it was always
because of the abuse and neglect going on in her sons group homes or when staff would lie to
her and she felt helpless to do anything about it. Every night Beth had nightmares and she
would toss and turn because of the torment this caused her, she talked about it every day. plus
she was extra upset about her sons house manager being fired that morning. She was pushing
for me to become her sons co-guardian to help her with all of this and I ran off.
I told O'Doherty I wasn’t going to try making Beth out to be a monster, I wanted her to get help,
O'Doherty was disgusted by my responses, he couldn’t seem to understand why I felt like I
caused Beth’s severe emotional distress that day or why I want to tell the whole story. I
explained again to him, I had gone out of my way for Beth and her son since the day I met her.
She had no explanation as to why I ran off in such a bizarre way and without running my big
mouth trying to explain myself, I just ignored her, which I'd never done ever before, she was
hoping I'd argue with her and I didn't.
Plus I agreed with her that morning when she claimed I wasn't happy, even though that wasn't
true, I just wanted to get away from her at that moment. I was worried about dealing with my
father not wanting me to get a car and this stuff with the court and her sons group homes also
seemed like an impossible task. it was causing me to have a panic attack and I had a migraine
from a cramp in my neck, it felt like my right eye was going to pop out of my head. I just
Attorney O'Doherty Page 2 of 5
wanted to lay down, not confront people about their remarks or get into physical altercations
with anyone.
I told him Beth had never seen me overwhelmed by anything before, I had always been super
arrogant.
Especially when talking about dealing with the state and lawyers, I approached dealing with her
sons group home workers and state contacts with excitement and enthusiasm, I was never
overwhelmed by any of it.
I told him I wouldn't have told Beth the things I did that morning, if I wasn't sick, she asked me
what people said about her and I told her. I wouldn't have responded the same way either, so I
can understand why she was so upset.
Plus Beth probably believed I wasn’t happy since I was experiencing erectile disfunction again,
so I'm sure that didn't help things.
I told O'Doherty how it took months to get back on thyroid medication and felt lucky I didn’t kill
myself because of all the stress this situation caused me and my family and the lack of concern
shown for my safety and well-being this entire time. I told him I wrote myself an email in
October of 2021 to remind myself of details I thought I might forget, and I sound like a whiny
baby complaining about things that never worried me before. It was shocking to see how
whiney I sounded in that email.
I asked if the warren police could be charged with kidnapping, since I told them what Beth said
and they didn’t document my statement. He just wanted to focus on my defense. I countered,
wouldn’t this help my defense, he wasn’t sure.
I asked who I could report being coerced into pleading guilty to, O'Doherty said that I should
file a motion for a new trial with the malicious damage to motor vehicle case and this coerced
confession will come out because of this.
before I left O'Doherty Agreed to do these things.
1. Attorney O'Doherty said he would make a written request for the warren body cam footage
since it was missing from the file attorney Banks gave him, he said it would help to use what I
said to police that morning against Beth at trial, he said her emotional state didn't matter.
2. Attorney O'Doherty also agreed he would have an investigator speak to the witnesses I
listed, since attorney Banks didn’t, he agreed that Beth holding me against my will and
threatening to call the police on me in the past, shows a pattern of behavior and that I didn’t
actually believe she’d call and say something like that. plus Beth told these people she owed
me money and wanted me to become her sons co-guardian, so I could deal with the issues
she was having with the state. He also wanted statements from Sue and Olivia because there
Attorney O'Doherty Page 3 of 5
was no noise in the house, or physical altercation that upset set our dogs, I had explained they
would go crazy if we play fought. Sue would've complained about the noise. We were talking,
not arguing or fighting. he agreed that ending a conversation isn't hostile or aggressive in any
way.
3. O'Doherty said he'd make a written request for Beth's medical records because of the preexisting injuries she has.
4. O'Doherty said he would use a rule 17 to request emails I sent on Beths sons behalf, since
these showed that Beth wanted me to become her sons co-guardian and owed me $10,000 to
pay me back.
5. O'Doherty said he would make a written request to obtain my restraining order audio.
O'Doherty told me I should file a motion for a new trial, that it would look good for my case and
that the things I told him should be addressed, so I went down March 17, 2023 and filed, this
motion was denied, judge Hadley claimed I made bold allegations.
 *********************
The first trial date I was given was May 24, 2023, attorney O'Doherty arrived totally unprepared,
I asked him what was going on. He asked if I trusted him, which I replied No, since he said he
didn’t gathered any of the evidence he agreed to obtain, he didn't request the body cam
footage, he didn’t have an investigator speak to anyone to gather statements or invite any
witnesses to speak at my trial, he didn’t get copies of the emails I sent, all things he himself
said would help my case. I told him I was completely in the dark about what was going on and
wanted to speak to the judge before trial, I told him “I already told you what happened with my
previous trials where evidence was altered and presented as fact by ada Johnston and I was
coerced into pleading guilty after having a gun placed to my forehead and trying to commit
suicide 3 times. I'm lucky I got back on thyroid medication when I did, I’m not going to allow
any more games. ”. He smiled at me and said he'll be back, went into the courtroom alone,
saying I had to wait outside and he cancelled my trial, then rushed out of the courtroom he said
he has to leave and court is now May 26th in Worcester, without slowing down, he ran out of
the courthouse, leaving me with zero explanation. leaving me even more confused than before.
Attorney O'Doherty Page 4 of 5
copy of text messages with Attorney O'Doherty
MO
Michael ODoherty
Text Message • SMS
May 25, 2023 at 7:09 PM
The court date tomorrow is a trial assignment date. It is not a trial date.
Held on the fourth floor room
23 9:00
It does not seem you have confidence in my representation.
Accordingly I will be making a motion to withdraw as there is a breakdown in the
attorney/ client relationship.
A new attorney will be appointed.
**************
Ricky Stebbins
 May. 26, 2023 at 8:48 AM
Not Delivered
Not Delivered
I'm confused as to what is going on.
You told me that we were going to trial Wednesday; but vou can into court totally unprepared
and never provided me with any of the information I asked you about.
I was told that my case was going to be investigated by Attorneys Banks, Dicato and yourself.
We all agreed on who to talk to and what information to gather.
As far as I am aware, nothing was ever looked into. I was granted a court order for money to
investigate my statements.
Once I mentioned being coerced into pleading guilty in my last court case and that it was
because I found evidence that the commonwealth created fake evidence in a previous case.
Attorney O'Doherty Page 5 of 5
Every lawyer I talk to get scared and stops communicating with me.
Beth and I talked about it all the time and she was pushing me to fight my coerced confession
and they malicious damage case, that the commonwealth created fake evidence in.
Beth wanted me to be co guardian for he son, because she was tired of the
commonwealth lying and not doing anything about her son being abused.
That last day, she told me she hopes I kill myself this time and laughed that she was going to
call the police and no one was going to help me.
And it appears she's right
So from now on, I'm going to need to communicate in writing, to prevent any
misunderstandings or confusion on anyone's part
**************
MO
Michael ODoherty
As i stated there is a
breakdown in the attorney/ client relationship. I am making a motion to withdraw