Attorney Bergo Page 1 of 6
I spoke with Attorney Alex Bergo on the phone in June of 2023 before meeting him in his office,
during this call he was adamant that things move forward quickly because of how long my
case has been dragged out. He made it very clear to me that I needed to make sure things
proceed quickly, so I made a special trip in July to speak face to face with him in his Worcester
office.
In his office and I told Bergo the same story I told Attorneys Banks and the expanded details I
told O'Doherty with their responses and how I have been let down by these court appointed
lawyers.
I showed Bergo my text messages with O'Doherty and told him to many lawyers have lied to
me and I just wanted lawyers to do what what they said they’d do.
I explained how I told O'Doherty how I was now back on thyroid medication and felt lucky I
didn’t kill myself because of this situation and the lack of concern for my safety and well-being
this entire time and O'Doherty still tried to pull some kinda sneaky business on my trial date. I
showed Bergo the emails I sent myself and explained the change in my personality.
I asked Bergo if he could explain what attorney O'Doherty had tried to do the day I was
supposed to have trial, what did he say that got my trial date put off? I also showed him the
texts I sent him. Bergo couldn’t answer.
I asked Bergo how district attorneys are allowed to alter and withhold evidence, he said he'd
have to see my files.
Before I left Bergo's office he agreed to do these things,
1. Bergo specifically said he would make a written request to the DA's to acquire warren police
body cam footage that attorney Banks claimed to have received and O'Doherty claimed he
would request.
2. Bergo agreed to have an investigator speak to the witnesses I listed, especially Sue Stebbins
and Olivia Nichols because they were in the house at the time of this alleged incident, to see if
they heard anything and the other people because Beth told them about holding me in our
bedroom in the past, owing me money for a car and wanting me to be her sons co-guardian.
3. Bergo agreed to make a written request for copies of Beth’s medical records to show her
pre-existing injuries weren't aggravated.
4. Bergo agreed to make a written request to obtain copies of the emails I sent on Beth's sons
behalf, to show she owed me money and that she wanted me to become her sons coguardian.
5. Bergo Agreed make a written request to acquire restraining order audio.
I didn’t want Bergo to magically forget, so I wrote a follow up email July 24,2023 after our face
to face meeting, going over much of what we talked about.
Attorney Bergo Page 2 of 6
I received a response to that email on December 1, 2023. In those 4 months between
messages, Bergo made no attempts to gather any of the evidence we agreed he would request
and he failed to have an investigator speak to anyone. He no longer had a sense of urgency.
In this email he claimed he would try to obtain that restraining order recording, the same one I
had asked previous lawyers for, he also never told me how easy it would be to obtain those
recordings myself.
Bergo called me December 19, 2023 and suggested I file a harassment order against the
Worcester county DA’s office, he stated that all this feet dragging was their fault. He said this
order could move things along. On December 22, 2023 I tried and failed to obtain a
harassment order in Hampden County district court.
My next pre-trial date January 10, 2024 while at the courthouse, I called attorney Bergo out on
his lack of attention to my case and for giving me grief about how long my case has been
dragged out.
Bergo got mad at me because I wanted to tell a jury the things I claimed upset Beth that
morning. He wanted me to only focus on what Beth said and did to me, not what I said that
upset her. Bergo was visibly pissed off when I told him that Beth seemed like she had a panic
attack because I was refusing to listen to her. If I hadn’t been sick, I would’ve stayed and
listened. Beth must’ve felt like I was abandoning her. Bergo couldn't understand why I felt any
of these things matter.
Then Bergo had the nerve the say that the Ada told him the abuse I claimed had caused Beth
so much pain, suffering and endless sleepless nights during our relationship, never happen,
Bergo said to my face that I made it all made up. He also said he was having trouble getting
the body cam footage, he mentioned reading the warren pd page and not seeing request
forms.
That's when Bergo said he’s going to request that I have a competency evaluation. I agreed
with the hopes this would move my case along and I had found a couple copies of emails I
sent on Beth's sons behalf, so I knew he was lying to my face.
While waiting to speak to the judge about the competency evaluation, I called the Warren
police department to ask about acquiring the body cam footage. I was giving email instructions
on how to easily do this myself and I also had the option of going down to the station to
request copies. I did both.
The competency evaluation was held on 1-29-2024, I called Bergo a liar in front of this
evaluator and he had nothing to say, I had the email proof right there ready to show the
evaluator. Attorney Bergo refused to respond when I asked him if he could explain what was
going on or who I could call to report these issues I was having. I took this opportunity to run
my mouth as much as I could, without going to far outside the scope of the evaluation. I
explained that I thought Beth had a panic attack, her daughter had just moved in, her disabled
son was being abused, I was paying the rent, our phones and electric. I didn't know I was sick
at the time, She had no explanation as to why I had run off. I didn't know I was sick at the time.
I spoke about the issues I had in Hampden county court. I agreed I could work with Bergo if he
accomplished the things we already agreed he would do.
Attorney Bergo Page 3 of 6
When we returned to court March 18, 2024 for the competency evaluation results, Bergo tried
to explain the results as slow as humanly possible , I asked him why he still hadn't had the
investigator speak to anyone yet, why he hadn't requested the restraining order audio yet, why
he hadn't requested the emails he agreed to ask for, why he didn't request Beth's medical
records to show her preexisting injuries. Bergo seemed confused and tried to talk about the
evaluation results again, so I told him I'd like another lawyer.
I told the judge these lawyers I've been appointed have been lying to me when it comes to
evidence gathering, the judge ignored me and asked if i was unhappy, I said I was unhappy
and Bergo was allowed to withdraw.
copy email for compalint and competency eval
My email
From: Ricky Stebbins <thestebbman@yahoo.com>
Date: July 24, 2023 at 4:20:58PM EDT
To: Alexander Bergo <abergo@publiccounsel.net>
Subject: Re: Alex Bergo
It’s been a couple weeks. I was wondering how things were with the investigation?
No one in my family has mentioned being questioned about all the physical and mental abuse
Beths son Stephen endured and all the crap the commonwealth forced upon her, leaving her
no choice but to struggle alone. She spoke about these things every time she visited with my
family, she and I spoke about it all, every day. 

Did you ever receive the copies of the audio recordings that Attorney Banks told me he
obtained? 

Did he send you the one email attachment he sent me?
Is there any other evidence? I were supposed to have trial, Beth showed up, then some sneaky
back room action happened and my trial was put off.
Nothing that my other attorneys said they were going to do, was ever done. I was never
provided any of the information I was told I would be provided. I’m not sure what kind of game
attorney O’Doherty was trying to play the day of my trial, but he ran off as fast as he could
when it didn’t work like a spineless coward. 

Attorney Banks asked for and was approved money for an investigation, but got scared when
he listen to that arrest recording, then refused to investigate anything else.
Attorney Bergo Page 4 of 6
Beth and I were talking about how she wanted me to deal with those bogus felonies on my
record. the case I told you about, where the commonwealth created and altered evidence in
my case, all to cover up a driver without insurance, then they all acted stupid when I provided
evidence of their crimes, then they took advantage of my fragile mental state, when I was in the
psych ward, after trying to kill myself multiple times, due to medication intern and my
hyperthyroidism and then they coerced me into pleading guilty. 

Beth wanted me to be co-guardian of her son Stephen. I helped her in ways no one ever had
before. 

Dealing with the commonwealth was overwhelming for Beth. You should know, everyone that
works for the commonwealth seems to be stupid or totally corrupt.
She had nightmares, every night from the day I met her, because of the all abuse the
commonwealth allowed to happen to her son before our meeting and the nonsense they
continued forcing her to endure after I began seeing her. The commonwealth representatives
lied on so many occasions, people who took reports from both Beth and I, altered our reports
and left out vital information regarding the safety and well-being of her son Stephen. All to
cover up this abuse and there’s pictures to prove it all. 

Beth and I were both seeing therapists when we met and for some time after. 

I spoke with my therapists about all the abuse Beth and her son endured. I know there’s a
record about how Beth was struggling to deal with it all. 

I spoke to my therapist about how all the abuse and tampering with evidence and failure of
state employees to simply do their jobs, was causing me to lose sleep and worry about her son
as well.  

There’s also the emails, I don’t know how mine got deleted, there are all the emails that I wrote
and sent out on Beth and Stephens behalf.
Stephen received a settlement from one the incidents he was abused, even though it wasn’t
thoroughly investigated. Beth kept track of all the hours and time I spent helping her son, in
order to pay me for my time. Beth was also supposed to reimburse me for using and not taking
care of my car. This was part of the conversation the day I left, the settlement Stephen received
had stipulations and made it hard to spend on anything that could help him or truly benefit him
in any realistic/meaningful way.
Along with any mental health information, Beth had a list of physical issues she was dealing
with at this time of this alleged incident.
She had a leg issue, that gave her back and neck pain. Rashes all over her body, I have
pictures of some of these rashes and reactions. These are all things she spoke to my family
about constantly. 

I explained to you how sick I was and why I ran off that morning.
Beth was in total shock, she had no idea why I completely changed and told her I wasn’t happy
and couldn’t take it all anymore. 

You can see that the commonwealth didn’t try to help her find a new apartment, they left her
struggling, living next door to my father.
Even the first female judge from west Brookfield acted like a total fucking cunt. She told me I
could file to get the apartment. That’s why I asked for that recording.
Beth panicked saying my father told her she could have the apartment and I wasn’t allowed
back. He never said that.
It was just like that fat dickhead judge laughing like an idiot out loud , knowing he could’ve sent
me home and didn’t, I know the commonwealth is just fucking with me, trying to upset me with
their blatant stupidity
Attorney Bergo Page 5 of 6
I’m going to show up in court next time. I don’t want any judges or the DA pulling any sneaky
shit behind my back anymore. 

I know they’re just going to try to dismiss this case and I want my trial. I refuse to allow them to
drop these bullshit charges.
Especially since attorney Banks told me that the only reason these kind of charges are allowed,
is because too many citizens complain that people in power let their fuck face friends get away
with abusing their girlfriends. 

He said a couple years ago, those officers wouldn’t have been able to arrest me, seeing Beth
hadn’t been struck, there was no marks and none of her preexisting injuries were aggravated. 

There’s a lot more details, but this is overwhelming to talk about. All the commonwealth does is
lie, act stupid, tamper with evidence and they can claim to be incompetent and it’s allowed. I
don’t understand why they aren’t forced to tell the truth. Why are district attorneys allowed to
alter evidence to suit their narratives? 

Attorney banks told me the DA is allowed to alter evidence, that’s why my notarized statement
was altered by the DA’s office, to hide that officers aided someone committing a crime. 

I’ve very excited and feel super positive about my case. 

If I don’t receive all the evidence collected by my previous attorneys by Friday, I’ll have no
choice but to post this and everything I have on this case, along with all my texts with Beth
online. I’m going to force this out in the open.
Bergos reply
From: Alexander Bergo <abergo@publiccounsel.net>
Date: December 1, 2023 at 6:19:59PM EST
To: thestebbman@yahoo.com
Subject: Court Today
Richard,
 

You case was in court 23 today. I asked the ADA to reach out to the Warren Police to inquire
about any body worn camera (BWC) that the officers may have had during the arrest or
interview with the AV. She said she would inquire. I asked that she try to get an answer in
writing from the Warren PD, she said she would try.
 

We got another TAD date of January 10, 2023, administratively. Your presence was not waived
– so you must appear on that date.
 

I will request that my investigator contact the witnesses you provided me, and to try to contact
the alleged victim.
 

I will try to request the recording of the 209a hearing. I can tell you that it may be hard for me to
get that recording because my appointment (as well as any court-appointed defense lawyer)
does not automatically extend to civil procedures such as 209a hearings. Which means I am
not automatically entitled to those recordings. But I will try to get it.
 

Alex
 

Alexander Bergo
Attorney Bergo Page
6 of
6
Committee for Public Counsel Services
120 Front Street #300
Worcester, MA 01608
|T|508.368.1850
|F|508.890.3586
abergo@publiccounsel.net