Transcript

Search transcript
Search transcript
Hi guys, it's Ricky. In today's video,
I'm going to talk about how my case was dismissed after three and a half years, but it's not over. I'm not going to let what happened go. I know the courts were hoping that, you know, I'd let things slide, that I wasn't paying attention, but that's not going to be
the case. And I was fair and patient from day one. I was very specific in the things that I asked for, and I wasn't
rude or disrespectful. There was no miscommunication, you know, in any way.
But I had lawyers that lied to me, ADAs that misled judges and other people for whatever reason. So, I'm I'm going to
make sure that people are held accountable for everything, you know,
and I said a lot of things to police officers, my lawyers, and talked about abuse going on in group homes for adults with disabilities that keeps getting
ignored, and people think I'm going to let this stuff go, but that's not going to happen. So, I was jerked around since October 5th,
1:011 minute, 1 second2021. And then I was assigned a lawyer,
Roger Banks. I'd been asking for dash cam footage, body cam footage, any
footage from the arrest or when they talked to my ex for her alleged assault claim.
But I've been uh man, this is very frustrating. So, I'm just going to keep going. Even if I misspeak, just correct
myself. But the first lawyer, Roger Banks, told me he received body cam footage and he started watching it. I
believe it was April 2022. I'd have to get a court recording for that. That's the day he requested money for an
investigator because of all the things I was saying, all the claims I had made.
though I think at that point he wasn't really interested in looking into anything. He was getting worried from some of the things he heard in that recording and then he started stalling.
He did nothing. So then I wanted to complain as the the judges say. I uh he
jabbed his finger in my face because I wanted him to get money for an investigator and I told the judge about that and she said I have trouble handling the truth.
So, you know, I don't know what to say about that. That's what led me to start writing things down and keeping everything in email. After Roger Banks,

I was appointed another lawyer. I talked to her on the phone once and after I told her my story. I don't think she wanted anything to do with this. Then I was appointed Michael Michael Odory.

He was all excited about my case, but he wanted me to attack my ex and leave out facts, you know, not tell the whole

truth, tell half the truth so it makes her look like a monster. But I'm like, I'm not going to do that. Like, I was sick when this happened.

There's a whole like story to go with it. And I don't know if they explain it again. If anybody want to watch my videos, they're there. So, I was supposed to have trial

with this Michael Odory. He claimed he was going to get these videos. He was going to speak to witnesses and have them show up. But he never communicated any of that.
He just like, "All right, we're going to go to trial." And then the day of trial,

he had nothing. He looked me in the face. He's like, "Do you trust me?"
Like, "No, you didn't gather any of the evidence. You didn't talk to any of the witnesses." You know, I've been wanting body cam and dash cam footage since

October 5th when I went to court. Had to go back to East Brookfield and that's when I was appointed an attorney. And I

wanted it from day one. And it's it's amazing that some footage has started to appear after all this time. I haven't

gotten to see it yet. I guess ADA White received it last week on Wednesday and it's already been a week

and I haven't gotten a copy, but I've been asking for it for three and a half years.

But after Michael Odori tried that stunt in court, he went into the courtroom,

said something. I wasn't allowed to hear it. He rushed out of the courtroom and said he had to leave. Even though we were scheduled for trial, he wouldn't
explain anything to me. And then I received this text that the following day. The court date tomorrow is a trial
assignment date. It is not a trial date held on the fourth floor, room 23, 9:00 a.m. It does not seem you have my do not
seeming have confidence in my representation. Accordingly, I'll be making a motion to withdraw as there is a breakdown in the attorney client
relationship. a new attorney will be appointed. Now, this guy didn't communicate anything with me. He's got

some serious issues communicating. He lied. He tried to force me to trial by surprise, like trial by ambush. Like, I don't know what kind of garbage that is.

So, before court, I'm like, you know what? I'm going to bombard this guy with information because I want to know what's going on. I've been more than

fair. I've been more than patient. If you're not going to explain anything to me, like, I want to leave a trail. So, I told him, "I'm confused as to what's going on. You told me that we were going

to have trial Wednesday, but you came into court totally unprepared and never provided me with any of the information I asked you about. I was told my case

was going to be investigated by attorney Banks, Teo, and yourself. We all agreed on who to talk to and what information to gather. As far as I'm aware, nothing

was ever looked into. I was granted a court order for money to investigate my statements. Once I mentioned being coerced into pleading guilty in my last

court case and that it was because I found evidence that the Commonwealth created fake evidence in a previous case, which

you know, I made videos about that. Like every lawyer I talked to gets scared and stops communicating with me after I mentioned this stuff. Beth and I talked

about this stuff all the time and she was pushing me to fight my coerced confession in a malicious damage case that the Commonwealth created fake

evidence in. And I already put that fake evidence that I found online. Scumbags.

I think Beth wanted me to become cog guardian of her son because she was tired of the Commonwealth lying and not doing anything about her son being

abused. The last day she told me she hopes I kill myself this time and I laughed. She laughed and she was going to call the police and no one was going

to help me. And it appears she was right. From now on, I'm going to need to communicate in writing to prevent any misunderstanding or confusion on

anyone's part. And then he responds with, "As I stated, there was a breakdown in an attorney client relationship and I'm making a motion to

withdraw." Like, "This guy was such a scumbag trying to sneak me into trial.

And I wonder how many other people he's tried to do this to. Like, I'm not going to let this go. I'm not going to let you do this to other people." And I made a a

video. I posted it online where I brought up stuff. You don't You can watch it. I labeled it uh odority when I got rid of them.

But then I moved on to attorney Alex Berggo. I met him July of
7:017 minutes, 1 second2023 and then I went to Worcester. We talked for over an hour about everything. I unloaded everything on

him. There was no misunderstandings. He knew the evidence I wanted. He knew the problems that were going on my case. And he guaranteed me something was going to

happen. And then yeah, he called me in October. I don't remember for

whatever October. What is this? So this is after I talked I don't know why that's out of order.

Anyway, July after I spoken to him, I sent him an email because I hadn't heard back from him. No one I spoken to had

heard from any investigators. So like it's been a couple weeks. I was wondering how things were with investigation knowing my family has mentioned being questioned about the

physical and mental abuse best son Stephan endured and all the crap the Commonwealth forced upon her. Leaving her no choice but to struggle alone. She

spoke about these things every time she visited with my family. She and I spoke about it every day. Did you receive copies of the audio recordings that
8
Attorney Banks told me he obtained? And that was the body cam footage I've been asking for. He said he'd had it. He said he'd watched uh I don't know it was like

a half hour of it. It was pretty long from what I heard. It was like 45 minutes to an hour long and I talk a lot. So, and it's not even that I talked

a lot. Like when the police arrived, I had my dog and my sister was on her way to come get us and the police waited

there for like 15 20 minutes and I kept talking until my sister got there. So, I told Alex Berggo, there's a lot more

details, but this is overwhelming to talk about. All the Commonwealth does is lie, act stupid, tamper with evidence,

and they can claim to be incompetent and it's allowed. I don't understand why they aren't forced to tell the truth.

Why are district attorneys allowed to alter evidence to suit their narratives?

That's my previous case. Attorney Banks told me that the DA is allowed to alter evidence. And he did. That's why my notorized statement was altered in by

the DA's office in a previous case. You know, to hide officers aided someone committing a crime. And the girl that hit me when I was walking didn't have

car insurance, you know. And I told Berggo, I'm like very excited and super positive about my case. I knew I it was either going to get dismissed or I was

going to win and I'm going to make these police officers and my lawyers look like liars. Like, why did they withhold this evidence that's finally appeared after

three and a half years? And then I told Virgo, if I don't receive all the evidence collected by my previous attorneys by Friday, I have no choice to

post this and everything I have on this case along with my checks with Beth online. I'm going to force this out in

the open. Like all these lawyers knew like I just wanted body cam footage that I knew existed, the dash cam footage

that I knew existed. said to me, "You got the the Warren Police gave me a ride to the emergency room in 2016." And we talked about the invehicle

and the dash cam recording systems that they just gotten. The cops seemed excited about it. It was like a new

toy. Yeah. So after that meeting with uh in July with Alex Berggo and then my email, I still hadn't heard back

from in writing, but we talked on the phone November 30th for 20 minutes. So you can imagine how much I blab and blab

and I kept asking like where is this stuff? Why haven't you provided it? Like and I want stuff in writing. I want proof that you asked people in writing.

And he's him and Han. Oh, I'm going to try. I don't know if I can. I'm like that doesn't make any sense. So then on December 1st,

2023, Alex Berggo finally responded by email like, "Your case was in courtroom 23. I asked the ADA to reach out to the Warrant Police Department to inquire about any body worn camera." I'm like,

"I already knew it existed. Where did it go?" Like, "Somebody had it. Now it's gone. And where's the dash cam footage?

I just want all the footage. All the footage." And like the body came out that officers may have had during the arrest or interview with the assault

victim. She said she would inquire. I asked her to try to get an answer in writing from the Warren PD. And she said she would try. Like, I don't know how

hard it is to email people with a yes or no or a picture of some screens that show this information, but it seems that

these people are completely incapable of doing this. And then I got another trial assignment date of January 10th.

Administratively, your presence was not waved, so I must appear. I will request the investigator contact the witnesses you provided me and try to contact the

alleged victim. I don't know why he was trying to contact the alleged victim. I wanted information from the ADA and I

was told that there was either a rule 14 or rule 17 that you could request information, third party information to rule 17. He should have had the ADA
request information from Beth, not try to have an investigator do it. So, I don't know if he was trying to keep this

stuff off the record, the information I was looking for, but and he's like, I will try to request the recording from the 209, but I wanted a restraining

order audio recording. He could tell you that by uh it may be hard for him to get that recording by his appointment as

well any as any other courtappointed defense lawyer does not automatically extend to civil procedures such as 209A

hearings, which means he's not automatically entitled to it. Nobody told me that I could just get it myself.

I'm on disability, so I could have gotten it for free. And if I didn't have disability, I would have had to pay $10 for it. But nobody told me I could get

this information myself. And I'd wanted it for years. I'd wanted it to show my father before he died of cancer with these scumbags that kept dragging things

out, acted stupid, like h it's absolutely ridiculous the kind of nonsense I've had to deal with these people. And after that, December 19th, I

talked to him for a minute. Waste of time. On January 10th, I went to court.

And then we started talking about the body camera again. He said ADA White told him there is no body camera. Nobody


was wearing body cameras that day. I made it all up. Like there's something wrong with me. He told me that there is

no there was no abuse of Ste Beth's son Stefan. That there were no emails. So,

at that point, he's like, "I I want you to take a competency evaluation," which I thought he meant that I was losing my mind. Like, did I make up seeing this

body camera that the officers were wearing? Did I make up all this abuse in my mind? Like, I thought for a second,

like, maybe I bumped my head or something. Like, it doesn't make any sense. Like, I have all these memories of stuff and I have like I had pictures of it. I'd lost a lot of it in my

emails, but I'm pretty positive like this stuff existed. So, I'm like, you know what, whatever. I agreed to take the competency evaluation that day, but then I told him like back in 2016,

Warren police brought me to the emergency room. There was the dash cam and the invehicle recording system.

Berggo got really mad at me. Like I thought he wanted to fight me because I brought that up. Like, dude, I know for a fact that those videos are there. I

had like a long conversation with the officer about the how the dash cam system worked cuz I was having like a

panic attack. They he brought me to the emergency room because I was suicidal at that time. It wasn't like I wasn't under

arrest. So, it was just a it was a very troubling time for me. And those times seem to stick out in my mind. It's not like I forget this stuff. Those stuff

are like burned into my memory. I remember seeing that dash cam recorder. Remember the officer talking about it.

So, I'm like, "You're not going to tell me this stuff doesn't exist." So, I'm like, "Whatever." You know, then I called the police station. And I'm like,

if you're telling me the ADA is saying I'm a liar about all these recordings and this stuff doesn't exist and I'm making it up and like I'll call myself.

And then when I talked to the officer Warren that day, she told me yes, they were wearing body cams that day and I can request all this stuff myself. So

I'm like, well, all right. I emailed right from court. I'm like, well, I want this stuff. You just told me it existed even though the ADA and my attorney Burggo said no.

So then we came back to court weeks later. At this point, I still hadn't gotten any of the footage, even though

we know now, as of last week, some of the footage has started to appear, but I haven't received it yet. My lawyer received a copy last week, but he hasn't mailed it to me. So, what day was this?

January 30th. So, two weeks after I had that court, Jay Burggo got mad at me.

and ADA White too. Right. That day in court before we left, Alex told Ada

White, he knows all about the footage. I know it existed. I wanted. And he asked her for the emails, too, right in front

of me. Nothing happened. She She can't pretend she didn't know about this stuff. I saw this stuff that exists. You can't just pretend because you don't

want other people. I won't keep going on about. All right. So, the competency evaluation. I came into this thinking

that maybe they were going to think that I was stupid. But at this point, I had gone through all my old photos and I had

found proof of the abuse. I posted those videos on on YouTube. I mean, this stuff is all so emotional to me. It gets me all worked up talking about it. All the

like, how can you hide this stuff? And how can you pretend abuse doesn't happen? So, like, even if it wasn't

related to my case, you can't just ignore this stuff. Like, the state has a responsibility. Like there's mandated reporters. When I report this stuff, it doesn't matter if I was accused of a

crime. You have to look into it. You can't just ignore it. So on the day of my competency evaluation, I figured I'm

going to take the my chance to try to mouth off and speak about everything I can in between, you know. So this is what this lady wrote. Is alleged that on
16:5316 minutes, 53 seconds104, Mr. Stebins physically assaulted his then living girlfriend by hitting her in the face with his elbow during an

argument. You know, attorney Berggo indicated he requested this evaluation as Mr. Stebins fired his two previous

attorneys and presents with non nonlinear concrete thinking. He shared that Mr. Stebins also appears to focus

on grievances he had with regard to his case and his spouse's conspiracy thinking about his case. Now, if people have told me they

received footage, they started watching it and then all a sudden they don't want to talk about it anymore. And I know they received it from the ADA in East

Brookfield. So it means that the police sent it. So that's three people involved. Now nobody wants to talk about it. That's a conspiracy. Like you had

it. I mean it's some of it's magically appeared now that I I've proved that they had it.

But either way, it's like whether he has sufficient present ability to consult with his lawyers a reasonable degree of

rational understanding and whether he is r has a rationale as well as factual understanding of the proceedings against

him. Yes. So they agreed that I was smart enough. I know this is all this talk is too much for me. I should just I

should pay more attention. But this was like super frustrating for me. I'm like,

"You're sending me just to have my competency evaluated because you lied to me." Like, it bothers me that you lied

to me. I'm calling you out for being a liar, but now my competencies, you know,

I'm stupid or I can't, you know, I can't handle being lied to, and if I seem a little bothered by, but should I laugh?

Like, thank you. Thank you for lying to me. So at the outset of my interview,

the defendant I informed the defendant that I am a forensic evaluator ordered by the court to gather information that the court could use determining the defendant's competency to stand trial.

The defendant was informed that as a result of this evaluation, defendant could be hospitalized at a psychiatric facility for further evaluation. It was

explained that any observations in the information the defendant provided would not be held confidential and could be included in the written report submitted

to the court and possibly in oral testimony. The defendant was made aware that the defendant did not have to participate in the evaluation, that the

defendant could answer questions selectively, and that the defendant could stop the interview at any time.

The defendant was advised that any information obtained in this evaluation could be used at trial. that the defendant introduces the defendant's

mental state as a defense at trial. Add additionally, it was explained that I was required to submit a report to the

court on whether or not the defendant chose to participate in the evaluation.

I also informed the defendant that I am mandated to report abuse or neglect of a child, disabled person, or elderly person should I become aware of such

information. The defendant was further informed that I that should I have concerns about the defendant posing a risk of harm to

themselves or others, I would be also required to take appropriate action in response. When asked to summarize the

warning provided above my clinical opinion, Mr. Stevens understood the purpose of the evaluation is because my competency is in question, which I

thought they meant stupid. And the evaluation is to assess my understanding of what's going on and the questions being asked of me. He understand that

no, the evaluation is not confidential and no, he does not have to participate in the of the interview. Like this was a I feel like a

joke. Like she said that she's a mandated reporter. I talked about the abuse going on in these homes that was being covered up and it I I don't

believe it was reported. Nobody called me and said, "Hey, can I get those pictures? What was going on?" because I called the DP DPPC, the disabled

person's protection commission, and I've talked to the state police about this,

and nobody seems to care. Like, all of this like neglect and abuse and ridiculousness going on inside these group homes just gets tossed aside. And

I worked in group homes back in 2004, 2005, and then off and on until

like 2010 or something like that. And it was horrible. I filed my own complaints all the time. But getting back to the

subject here, what she said. Mr. Stevens was born in Springfield, has been married twice. Both of his marriage ended in divorce. My fault. He has two

adult children. He identifies his sister who he currently resides with as his primary support person in the community.

Mr. Stevens relayed that he is unemployed. He has been on SSDI since 2016 for a medical condition, skeletal

muscular disorder. He endorsed a history of trauma. He states that he was physically abused as a child within the family. He also noted that when he was

attended Catholic school, he was locked in a closet because of his ADHD. He had difficulty sitting still, paying

attention, and in that I'd ask a lot of questions. And if it didn't make any sense, I'd keep asking. I'm still the

same. Mr. Stebins relayed that he completed some college. He was in college to become a medical assistant at Springfield Tech Community College. He

did not finish college due to ongoing health issues. He denied ever being placed in special education classes in school, but noted that it was difficult

for him to pay attention in class due to his ADHD diagnosis. When he was asked about history of behavioral difficulties in school, he commented that he was

defiant in school. I'd always talk. I wouldn't shut up, adding that I do as I say, not as I do. You know, didn't work for me. I needed

explanations. When I was in school off and on, my hypothyroidism gave me uncontrollable anxiety and panic

attacks. So, my behavior as a child was not like I wasn't some terror child hurting people being rude and disrespectful. I can't sit still. Like,

even as an adult, like I'm always tapping something, my legs always boopping. I don't sit still. And that's not some kind of issue with people.

Well, just cuz people have a lot of energy doesn't make them bad people. But, you know, I was just a spunky kid.

And I have no problem dealing with spunky kids myself. I just feel like other adults don't have those abilities.

So, to continue with this problems noted by the defendant, hyperyroidism, skull to muscular disorder. Mr. Ste said he's had 15 orthopedic surgeries and had a

disc replaced in his neck. I don't think I've had anything since. Psychiatric. Mr. Sevens endorsed

anxiety, depression occurring in the context of uncontrollable uncontrolled hypothyroidism. I mean, it's being

treated now, so I don't know what that is, but history of self harm. Yes. And she described it. Mr.

Stemons indicated he attempted suicide 2004 2005 via drinking a pint of vodka in 15 minutes and in 2006 he had taken

100 extra strength Tylenol which he said he attempted suicide October 2015 cutting his arm in December

2015 he attempted an overdose on his psychiatric medication and in February 2016 via consuming rat poison. He

commented that he had engaged in self-injury in the past with the help of someone else and that he engaged in this behavior so his insurance would authorize him to participate in

outpatient treatment. Mr. Stemons related that his prior suicide attempts self-injurious behaviors occurred to a combination of stress, mental health symptoms, anxiety, heartpounding,

inability to sleep in the context of his thyroid condition not being adequately managed at the time. I'd like to note

too that this I was ordered a competency evaluation and I feel totally fine. I'm not suicidal now. I have no mental

issues when I'm on my thyroid medication. When I'm on my thyroid medic or when I'm not on my thyroid

medication, my thyroid is off. I act it's like spineless. I go along with

people even if I don't agree, which was why I was coerced into pleading guilty in 2016. Even though I had evidence to

prove I was innocent, I was ready to fight the courts. I I I thought I'd won.

I I knew I'd won. And then I got sick and gave up, which was a disaster. This history of violence here

than that. Mr. Sevens has a history of being charged with assault and battery and instant offense is the assault and battery. I've never assaulted and

battered anyone. So, the courts are hilarious and with this this nonsense that they have in their records and what they can keep in here because I've never

been convicted of any assault and battery. So, inatient outpatient treatment. Mr. Stevens said that he was psychiatrically hospitalized multiple

times in the past, typically following suicide attempt he had. He has been hospitalized at Bayate Medical Center Palmer and Westfield Hospital. Like in

the past and I was prescribed medication for health issues I didn't have. Doctors didn't address my hypothyroidism because

they didn't check for it. They thought I had bipolar disorder and depression and I they thought I was a hypochondriac at

times. So I was I'll make another video with all my my the drugs that the doctors put me on my health records. But

I was not in a good place and the doctors made it worse and it was not my fault. I mean, it was me acting ridiculous and having panic attacks and

not doing what I was supposed to, being super lazy and just worthless, but it wasn't intentional. If somebody drugs you, you know, and this was legal

drugging, like I trusted the doctors and they failed me. Anyway, so Mr. Steven stated he has a provider through Griswald Center. He spoke to his

provider in December 2013 23 and discussed a vitamin D deficiency. So, I wasn't feeling good back in 2023 and I I

was able to get out of going to court a couple times because my neck was killing me and I didn't notice like when I'm

feeling off like this and certain certain issues creep up on me because of all the scar tissue I have, it causes all my migraines and my low energy. And


if I don't address these issues, like they become problems. If I do address them, like I don't have these problems. So, like I gave the courts a

chance to dismiss this in 2023 and they still jerked me around like they could have let this go and that thankfully it

was able to give me a lot more evidence to add up but we'll go from here. So,

additional information Mr. Steppers reported he used to be on uh Zolaf or stress and depression. He stopped taking this medication 2023 because it caused

him experienced stomach issues. He was prescribed Vance in the past to manage his ADHD, but he stopped taking this

several years ago. I didn't stop taking it several years ago. Was just back in 2022. I stopped taking that. But anyway,

history of violent offenses says yes.

According to my quy, Mr. Stevens has passed charges of assault and battery, property violation, disorderly conduct,

forgery of a document uttering, and forgery. He has four 209 restraining orders on his record, one of which is open, taken out against him by the

alleged victim in the instant offense. He has closed

two harassment orders. The girl that hit me with her car with no car insurance when I tried to report her was able to get a harassment order against

me. That was ridiculous. I was attacked on her street and the cops ignored it.

Like, how do you just how do you miss all this stuff? How can you be so I don't get it that way. All right. So the next page, some current mental status. I

was my appearance was clear, eye contact appropriate, not very formative. Other during the competency portion of the

evaluation, Mr. Stebins occasionally digressed off topic. For instance, he discussed a perceived past wrongdoing against him by police in an incident

unrelated to the instant offense in which he felt police officers helped a woman commit a crime against him. He relayed that a woman hit him while he was crossing the street. that was in the

parking lot. But anyway, and she had no car insurance and she didn't and her registration was suspended and police also knew that. He said the woman's

sister worked in the courthouse and she does and she has a cousin that works in the clerk's office there with Judge Hadley and the police did her a favor by not charging her with a crime and they did. They let her drive away. Mr.

Stevens also expressed the belief that a prior criminal matter he had out of a different court was mishandled and that he was coerced into taking a case to

trial that the district attorney in the case tampered with evidence. Mr. Stevens was able to be interrupted and redirected when he dressed off topic.

This is like maddening that I had to go through this stupid test this time, but nobody wanted to do a competency evaluation last time after I tried to

kill myself when I had evidence that proved I was innocent and you guys were acting stupid like the courts and the

lawyers that I had was absolutely nonsensical. So, the data relevant to competency to stand trial. Mr. Stevens reported he is charged with assault and

battery. He said he's accused of elbowing his ex-girlfriend in the face.

He is aware of his plea options and possible outcomes of guilty finding for the index charge. He has an understanding the purpose of probation,

some conditions related to probation and potential consequences for violation of probation. I mean, this is all

nonsensical, childish stuff. Like, I wanted evidence. I don't need people to explain nonsense to me. Oh, there's a jury and they decide if you're guilty or

innocent. No, I want the evidence. I wanted this body cam dash cam footage that magically started to show up. Mr. Stebins, we'll get back to this. Mr.

Stevens was able to spontaneously and accurately identify major courtroom officials, their roles, and demonstrated understanding to the differing

allegiances in the courtroom as well as the adversarial nature of the criminal justice system. He expressed a basic understanding of the purpose of the

trial and knew the role of the jury. He was aware of what can constitute evidence. He identified evidence witnesses he could use in his defense.

Well, he expressed a belief that there are no evidence witnesses against him.

He acknowledged that the alleged victim could possibly take the witness stand and she is not on his side. He knew the role of a witness. He stated he knew

that if a witness testified on the stand when there would be a direct re-examination or cross-examination. He appeared to

possess a basic awareness that if a witness were to lie on the stand, then they could be charged with a criminal offense. Well, 88 White Ada White's

going to lie soon. Is she going to be charged with a criminal offense? We'll get to that. Oh man. He discussed information he believed the alleged victim would

testify to if she were to take the witness stand. He did not specifically state that the alleged victim would testify against him with regard to the alleged incident, but he evidenced an awareness that she is not on his side,

which suggested that he likely knows that she would not testify in his defense. Mr. Steins accurately defined a plea bargain. He was able to identify

some of the pros cons of taking the case to trial versus taking a plea bargain and vice versa and why a defendant may wish to proceed with their case by way of either a trial or a plea bargain.

Like I wanted a trial. I'm not going to plea with these liars and scumbags that keep withholding evidence and trying to twist narratives to their to their

advantage. Like it doesn't make any sense. Like you guys are like I don't know who you guys think you're dealing with. That's not me. No. Like Mr. Steins

reported he does not feel he's been able to trust any of his attorneys who have represented him in this case. He identified one reason for this has been

due to the length of time this case has been going on in for court. He identified another reason for this has been due to what he perceives as a lack

of followthrough on the behalf of his attorneys and meeting with his expectations with regards to gathering relevant evidence witnesses in this

case. That's that body cam footage. Like people tell me they had it and then it's gone. Nobody's nobody knows where it is and now it doesn't exist and now some of

it's coming back. And during the interview, Mr. Steman has expressed frustration that he has yet to receive all the evidence he requested in the

case despite his attempts to obtain some of this information from multiple different sources. He also expressed frustration about receiving different

reports about the evidence, the potential piece of ev the existence of a potential piece of evidence he would like to use in his case and that the

district attorney may be withholding this piece of evidence. Mr. Seven said he's unsure if this piece of evidence even
sexists and that he was told it does not exist, but he was apparently told the first attorney to represent him was able

to get a hold of it and that the district attorney also potentially had it. He relate that he did not fire his previous attorneys. He did not appear to

have a clear sense about why his previous attorneys withdrew from his case. When asked about this, Mr. Steins expressed an openness to work with his

current attorney as long as he thoroughly explains himself and his reasoning for why he is or isn't doing something and keeps him informed, shares with him any relevant case related info.

He's able to gather in the case. He noted he can argue a point till he's blew in the face. any comment that he doesn't he just doesn't agree with

anyone agree with anything that someone says and that he was aware that this can come off as argumentative like if you lie to me and I call you out of this

like no I know this exists don't tell me it doesn't exist and then you get mad at me how is that argument on my part you
know that's your part not mine just right next one getting to the

Mr. Seven's evidence of rational understanding was given a hypothetical case scenario. He accurat accurately identified factors evidence witnesses

one might consider choosing to take to their case or trial to accept a plea bargain. He demonstrated a desire to be active participant in his case obtained

a favorable outcome. Obtain a yeah of course I want to obtain a favorable outcome. Her clinical opinion based on

all available information. Her clinical clinical opinion there is no evidence that Mr. Steven's present at the

presentation today suggests that he would not have the capability to rationally understand his criminal case or the

capability my gosh or the capacity to to comport himself in order to rationally assist his attorney in his defense. My

voice is getting dry. Mr. Steins understood the charge and the allegation against him and the potential consequences if found guilty of the

salleged offense. He was aware of the plea options and the roles of various courtroom officials. He was able to define probation, trial, and the plea

bargaining process. He demonstrated the ability to engage in rational decisionmaking with respect to the reason a defendant may proceed by way of

trial or plea bargain and weigh the pros cons of each option. While Mr. Stevens reported he has he has not trusted any

of the attorneys who have represented him thus far. He expressed openness to working with his current attorney as long as the lines of communication are kept open between them. Furthermore, Mr.

Stebins was able to rationally reason through a hypothetical case decision did not present with current sub symptoms of mental illness while discussing a

hypothetical scenario. Mr. Sevens appears to present with some difficulty interpersonally and possesses somewhat

rigid views about how to proceed in his case which may make it difficult for council to work with him. However, Mr.

Stebons views with regards to the instant offense do not necessarily appear rooted in mental illness, paranoia, delusion, thought disorder,

and such. He appears to need information thoroughly explained to him with some information reexplained, clarifying as

needed at the time to express himself during discussions with his attorney so that he feels listened to and heard.

Thus, as already stated above my clinical opinion, Mr. Sevens presents as capable of understanding his criminal trial and working with his attorney.

Like this is like childish stuff. My lawyers lied to me. and lied to me about simple
information and I just kept asking for it and kept asking for it and it became a problem. Like if I keep asking you for something like if I know you have a

video, can I have the video? Can I have it? And you just keep ignoring me and oh Mr. Stein seems aggressive. I just want the video, man. I still haven't had it.
I I still haven't gotten to see it. I don't know what's on it. I've heard it's hard to view and it's hard to listen to.
Like I don't care. I just want it. you know, at the end the recommendations in her clinical opinion. At the time of this writing, Mr. Stems does not require

involuntary commitment, we'll talk about that, too, to a psychiatric hospital secondary being a risk to himself or others by reason of mental illness. Mr.

Stebins was cooperative with the evaluation process, blah blah blah.

There's nothing here. All right. You know, I'll finish it. I don't know why I do this. Mr. Steins was cooperative with the evaluation process.

He his expressed thoughts were coherent,

sunderstandable, linear, and largely goal directed. He did not appear to present with heightened anxiety or depression.

Nor did he present with symptoms of mania or psychosis. While he made some potentially distorted comments during the evaluation about police

sofficers in an incident unrelated to the instant offense and prior criminal matters, he took to trial out of another

court. He did not persuate around this pers. Am I saying that right? Nor

did his statements appear around this appear tied to instant offense.

Additionally, Mr. Stevens denied present present suicidal and homicidal ideiation glanner intent. Thus, at this time
writing this report, it is my clinical opinion that Mr. Ste does not pose a substantial risk of harm to himself or others due to symptoms of mental

illness. Like I don't know if they had me going to this because they thought I was going to hurt myself. Like did they evaluate me? Cuz they thought cuz I told

attorney Berggo that in 2016 I did try to kill myself and police brought me to the emergency room and they had the dash

cam footage. I mean I don't know. So then months later, March 18th, 2024, I

fired Alex Berggo. I mentioned the lies to the judge and the judge just ignored it. There's a video of this online, too. and you just asked me if I was unhappy.

Well, yeah. I mean, you lie to me, I'd be unhappy. And then I got another lawyer and I I didn't really give him a

chance. He wasn't gathering the information as fast as I wanted. I wanted my trial. So then I fired him.

And then I was supposed to have trial August 5th. I had everything ready. I had gathered a bunch of stuff. And then I'd

heard from somebody else, "Oh, I'm not going to have trial." I'm like, "Well,

what do you mean?" Michael Ada White's cancelling trial because of something.

She had laughed hoping I was going to jump over the railing because this is all the stress this is causing me and being jerked around. Like everybody

thought that you guys could manipulate me and jerk me around and get me to act out and try to hurt myself or maybe try

to hurt somebody else, which isn't going to happen. But anyway, so August 5th, I showed up with my nephew and magically

there's a a recording of that with Judge Ginsburg, I believe, going back and forth. Oh, I was supposed to have it.

Like, you can't just schedule trial and then not have trial. Ada White had someone else explained to me how she

couldn't find my phone number that's listed on the police report. Like,

stupid, really stupid childish excuses for not doing what she's supposed to do.

Like, whatever. So then September 9th, I go to court. There's a recording of that. I'm not going to play that, but

Judge Ginsburgg uh told me a whole bunch of stuff. Her recordings how I need to ask her stuff

in writing and maybe I should get a lawyer because they have a better education and know things. They can can

swrite things and explain things in a way she can understand. But I feel like the ADA and my lawyers, previous lawyers,

were a bunch of liars and they were not representing me the way they should represent all citizens. Like they were obviously hiding something and acting

inappropriately. But anyway, like I was almost forced to take a second competency evaluation, but then I wanted

it recorded and then said I was going to put it on YouTube because I'm sick of this trash. like you're not going to keep ordering me to have competency evaluation after competency evaluation

when I catch people lying and withholding evidence and in my previous case I tried to kill myself and you

didn't give me a competency evaluation you accepted a guilty plea and I said I didn't need that information I just wanted it to prove that police

withheld denied me medical attention and you guys are scum like total scum I haven't even gotten that recording that because the courts are still withholding

that. But anyway, after that that I was mentioned that I could have been held for 20 days for refusing to take this

second competency evaluation without it being recorded. Like what kind of threats are this? You're not going to threaten to lock me up because I just

want to record something. There was no argument going on. Like there's no reason for these evaluators to hide anything. They have nothing to do with

this case. So, why wouldn't they allow it to be recorded unless they're everybody's up to some shady business? But anyway, January of this year, 2025,

I filed complaints against my lawyers,

Banks, Odory, and Berggo. So, I wanted to get a jump on this. Like, I know this evidence is going to magically appear one of these days. So, I want to make

sure or, you know, if the evidence didn't pop up, proof that it was destroyed would pop up. One or the

other. So, here we go with this audio recording.

Richard Stevens trial assignment should be joining us on the

um on the zoning application to appear by zone.

I've provided attorney Grady with the two last remaining pieces of evidence he requested. One of which was a bodywn

camera policy. I spoke to the chief yesterday. He did tell me that um the
policy date was was created in July of 2021, but it was not effective until March of 2022. So, the officers were
wearing body cams on that day, but they were not working and they were not recording anything. Um I also checked

there is no dash cam footage from that event. Okay. Mr. Maywise, of course,

Mr. here. I'm just here. So, in a second or two, I'm going to say yes, I heard about the body cam, but because the way
43:4643 minutes, 46 seconds the audio was in the courthouse, I didn't hear her. She mumbled right past the dash cam. Oh, there is no dash cam.

So, I ordered this and got this recording like a week later. And then I heard that and I'm like, you know what? I'm writing my

lawyer. This is some BS. There's no way that I'm going to let her get past giving. This is the thing that really bothers me. This This upset me the most.

I'm like, "You you scumbag." So, you saw the date there. I pause this January
44:1744 minutes, 17 seconds8th. And in the recording, you listen to it again. She said, "I called police chief

yesterday." Yesterday. Now, you I Alex Berggo in January of 2024, January 10th,
44:3444 minutes, 34 seconds2024 had a conversation. And I told him about this and he told you about dash cam footage. I wanted it.

They they had dash cam footage since 2016. Yet you provided policies and

procedures for only the body cam, which was, you know, that sounded stupid. Who who wears a body cam but doesn't turn it

on? We're just going to wear it just to look good. It's a fashion item. Look, my necklace, but it has no function. It's never going to do anything. you. That's

a lie. And then you don't have any policies and procedures for the dash cam in vehicle recording

system. I come on like what is wrong with people? And then I I wrote these little notes like the comwalth wasn't

concerned about my competency back in 2015 and 2016. They tried to get me to plead to a continuation without a finding. And then I think they realized once they got me to to do that like,

"Oh, maybe we'll get him to plead guilty because he's trying to kill himself and he's really going through a lot of stuff right now and he's on a lot of medication. Let's really like screw him

over. Keep this man." Then Wednesday, April 2nd,

two days before I was supposed to have trial. My lawyer received a notice that some of the dash cam footage has appeared. I didn't hear about this. I

didn't get to be involved in this at all. I haven't gotten to see it yet. Then Thursday morning, I got a text,

hey, can you appear on Zoom? I logged into Zoom. I didn't get to hear anything. And then I got a text saying,

"Case is dismissed. Good luck." Like,

no. No, it's not. I mean, my case is dismissed. This isn't over. I'm not letting this go. Like, totally crazy.

So, later that night, I learned that one video was finally acknowledged, and he wrote an email to me. My lawyer was given a copy on Friday the 4th.

You know, today's the 11th. I still haven't received a copy. Like, I still want a copy. I'm never going to give up. I want this stuff. I told you it exists.

I told everybody exists. I don't care if it's garbage. I could have been singing songs and I still want it. Like, this is

the same situation I faced with the Commonwealth years ago. Like, they withheld evidence installed my case as long as they could. Like, I know people
were hoping I'd forget everything I've been through and other things that people enduring right now, but I can't do that. Like I'm not going to let that.

The Commonwealth helped a girl driving without car insurance, altered my police report. Then ADA Katherine Johnson

provided a fake receipt trying to act like, "Oh, look at you know this this girl had to pay for it herself." No, she didn't. You're a liar. Such a scumbag

liar. And Judge Hadley tries to act dumb. Oh, but there was something missing from this report. How many thousands of police reports have you

seen, Judge Hadley, involving motor vehicles where the insurance information's there? Because I've seen other reports after the fact and that

information's there, but the Springfield police deleted it or the ADA's office helped them because I went to the police office and police station and tried to

complain and talk to the people on Maple Street that was supposed to be civilians and nothing ever happened. I mean, I can ramble on and on about this forever, but

uh hopefully this helps somebody. like my case isn't over against the Commonwealth and it's just like collective stupidity non-stop. So, I'm
going to make another video next time about my uh my mental health records that I got from
2014, 2015, some 2016 and how the Commonwealth didn't care about my competency then or my mental health.

Like, that's disgusting. Thank you everybody. Take care.

Sync to video time

50:50
ETs Among Us 7: UFOs, CIA & the Assassination of JFK
Documentary • 2024
Free with ads
TV-14

