FORM BB0‐1
Page One
OFFICE OF BAR COUNSEL
 OF THE BOARD OF BAR OVERSEERS
OF THE SUPREME JUDICIAL COURT
FOR THE COMMONWEALTH OF
MASSACHUSETTS
COMPLAINT
Date:
Instructions:
(1) Please type, if possible. Otherwise use a dark pen.
(2) Write only on the front side of the paper. DO NOT
USE POST-IT NOTES OR
STAPLES.
(3) Specify exactly what the attorney did that you
believe to have been misconduct. Attach additional
sheets if necessary.
(4) DO NOT SEND ORIGINALS. THEY WILL
NOT BE RETURNED TO YOU. Enclose copies
of documents as specified on
the attached list of requested documents.
(5) Retain copies for your records of this and any
subsequent correspondence and documentation sent to
this office.
(6) Please return to:
OFFICE OF BAR COUNSEL
One Beacon Street, 10th Floor
Boston, Massachusetts 02108
tel: (617) 728-8750
fax: (617) 728-8875

1. I, ,
(type or print your full name)
allege that attorney
whose officeaddress is
has committed acts of misconduct as set forth in the Statement of Facts attached.
2. I request that the Office of Bar Counsel investigate this misconduct.
3. I understand that a copy of this statement may be mailed to the attorney for a reply.
4. I understand that this matter must be kept confidential by Bar Counsel and the Board of Bar Overseers.*
(primary telephone)
(secondary telephone)
(email)
5. How did you hear about us:
*Until the lawyer has been served with a petition for discipline instituting formal charges or has agreed to public discipline, the Board and Bar Counsel may not publicly
disclose that a complaint has been filed. You are immune from civil liability based upon your complaint unless it is shown that you are responsible for any public disclosure
of the information contained in or relating to the complaint
(name)
(mailing address)
6/24/2025
Richard Stebbins
Lindsay White
255 Main st Worcester, MA
Richard Stebbins
54 Hope St
Springfield, MA 01119
(413) 949-1925
I've been ignored by you before
FORM BB0‐1
Page Two
STATEMENT
OF FACTS
PLEASE READ THE ATTACHED INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE COMPLETING THIS
PAGE
Please do not write above this line and write only on the front of this and any other
pages you attach.
Please fill in the following, if applicable:
Court case name: vs.
Name of Court:
Statement of Facts:
Beth Nichols Richard Stebbins
Worcester county district court
ADA Lindsay White conspired with attorney Alex Bergo to prevent me
from going to trial and from acquiring body-cam, dash-cam and
in-vehicle footage from October 4th 2021. She became involved in my
case in the summer of 2023 after my attorney Michael O'Doherty asked
to be recused after trying to force me to go to trial by surprise.
January 2024 ada White conspired with attorney Bergo and forced me
to take a competency evaluation when I brought up that I knew for a fact
 that Warren police vehicles have had in-vehicle recording systems
since 2016. In January Warren police gave me a ride back to the
emergency room after I had escaped during one of my suicidal ideations
 That was right before I was coerced in pleading guilty in Hampden
County Superior Court in February 2016.
August of 2024 I was supposed to have trial, I arrived and ada White
had the nerve to have another woman tell me that no one could find my
phone number, even though it was in the docket that I was handed when
 I agreed to represent myself and it was on my police report. ada White
stood there like a buffoon while this person was talking.
January 2025 during a pretrial hearing ada White lied to a judge about
dash-cam footage and skipped over talking about it's policies and
procedures.trying to mumble past the answer after giving a long winded
response about how the body-cam wasn't working that day and provided
 a policy and procedures document attempting to explain why.
I made a video after acquiring the court audio and publicly called Ada
White a liar and shared that court audio on Youtube and other formats.
Then I was supposed to have trial in April of 2025 and part of the dash
cam footage magically appeared, my case was dismissed without any
explanation as to what happened and I was told to try to get past this. I
had been requesting this dash-cam footage since October of 2021.
These are clear violations and this stalling was malicious and intentional.
OFFICE OF BAR COUNSEL
Documents to Include with Complaint
In order to assist the Office of Bar Counsel in reviewing your complaint, we are providing you with a
list of suggested documents that you should include with your submission. Please examine the information
under the heading of “ALL CASES” and, where applicable, under the subject area that applies to your case.
You should also include copies of any other documents or correspondence that may be helpful to our
understanding of your complaint against this lawyer. Keep the originals of what you send to us in a safe
place.
Do not send us copies of your entire file for your legal matter. Should further information be
needed, a member of our intake staff will contact you.
ALL CASES
• A copy of any written fee agreement or, alternatively, any email, letter or other document from the
attorney describing the terms of the representation and the fee to be charged.
• A copy of all correspondence, including emails, sent by the attorney to you (including bills for
services rendered) and a copy of all such correspondence from you to the attorney.
IF YOU CLAIM THAT THE ATTORNEY HAS NOT RETURNED YOUR FILE OR
RESPONDED TO PHONE CALLS OR LETTERS
• A copy of any correspondence (letters, emails, texts) to the attorney requesting your file or asking for a
response. (If you did not keep copies, please begin to do so).
• Any records of phone calls or phone messages. Some past phone bills can be obtained from your phone
carrier or may be online.
• Any diary or record of when you called or wrote to the attorney.
IF YOUR CLAIM INVOLVES CRIMINAL DEFENSE
• A copy of any pleading or paper that identifies the charge(s), the court where the case is or was
pending, and the docket number of the case.
IF A CASE HAS BEEN FILED IN COURT OR BEFORE AN AGENCY
• A copy of the complaint or claim and a copy of the answer to the complaint or claim. Please include the
name of the case, the name of the court or agency where the case is pending, and the docket number of
the case. Please indicate the current status of the case.
• If the case has been settled, a copy of any release and settlement agreement.
IF YOUR CLAIM INVOLVES A PERSONAL INJURY CLAIM (auto accident, slip and fall,
workers’ compensation, medical malpractice, etc.)
• A copy of any written contingent fee agreement.
• If the case was settled, a copy of any settlement agreement