Wednesday, June 14, 2023
The 1994 Fox Road Murder Mystery, Part 3: The Code of Silence






Who would have wanted to harm Tammy Lynds?

 

Let’s be perfectly clear: in a murder investigation, motive can never be more important than reliable evidence. Still, motive has to be considered, especially when there is a lack of evidence in a case such as this one, in which a 15-year-old’s skeletal remains were found in the woods.

 

I’ve been in contact with several of Tammy’s friends, who can’t imagine her angering anyone enough to leave her lying in the brush 10 feet off of Fox Road like a discarded fast food soda cup.

 

“She didn't haven't a mean bone in her body,” said Tara, a woman who was friends with Tammy as kid, and then had resumed their friendship when they both hung out with the same group of teenagers. 

 

As children, Tammy and Tara did all the ordinary things kids did. “We would play on the swing set at my house, go swimming in my pool, or go down to her house play Barbies, and play with her pet rabbit.”

 

She said that years later, Tammy was a typical teenager, with no enemies. Yet, when Tammy’s mother put up “missing” signs in Pine Point after the night she didn’t come home (July 21, 1994), “someone was ripping the posters down as fast as she was putting them up,” said Tara. Who could possibly have had anything against her?

 

Then again, there was the night of the stolen bike.




 



*  *  *  *  *  *  *

 

In the early summer of 1994, Tammy’s friend was in her yard, and he looked around, and couldn’t believe his eyes. His bicycle was gone—snatched from right under their noses!

 

“Fuck!” he screamed.

 

Searching the neighborhood, he, Tammy, and one of her friends walked north on Gilbert Avenue, looking for his bike, and then Tammy suddenly called out to someone a block away. “The guy was on my bike, and I started running at him,” he said. He was catching up with the thief, who had lost valuable seconds slowing down to turn around, and he was trying to pick up speed to get away. They were both approaching a dead end at the end of Gilbert.

 

Bam! 

 

Tammy’s friend ran right into a metal cable that was blocking a dirt trail leading to a small patch of woods that bordered Boston Road and the Kmart parking lot. “It hit me right across the stomach,” he said. It was enough of a delay for the thief to get away.  “He went around one of posts holding the cable, and he rode off into the night,” he said. “The police were called, and Tammy identified the kid. She was positive it was him—she named him and directed police to his house.” Police questioned a woman there. “We weren’t allowed to get to close while they talked,” he said. “My father showed up at some point and we drove around after, we didn’t see any more activity at that house. I wonder if police reports from back then would have any of that information.”

 

The alleged thief, Andy (not his real name), lived in the house of a large, notorious family in the Fargo Street neighborhood. Andy’s uncles, who had also resided there, had been in jail at one time or another for a multitude of crimes: rape, kidnapping, assault  with a dangerous weapon, car theft, drug dealing, prison escape, B&E, burglary, robbery, OUI—you name it. Did Tammy anger a violent family by fingering its youngest member? Was Tammy’s “meeting” the night she went missing a ruse to supposedly return the bike—or to “clear up” what Andy might have called a false accusation? People are rarely killed over a bicycle, but incidents sometimes escalate.

 

*  *  *  *  *  *  *

 

And then there was the guy on the school bus who announced, shortly after Tammy was found, to anyone listening, “She got what she deserved!” It could have been nothing but just some 15-year-old talking tough (that’s what police investigators thought in 1994 when they were told about this statement), but this guy did go on to rack up a bunch of charges as he grew up, including being involved in an animal cruelty case as a teen, as well as assault, larceny, reckless driving, and weapons charges as an adult—including assault and battery on a police officer.

 

This youth isn’t one of the teens who had assaulted Tammy on in school (which I had reported in Part 2), kicking her repeatedly, and prompting a court hearing. But it’s unknown if he knew her attackers.




 



*  *  *  *  *  *  *

 

Tammy was by all accounts nice to people and didn’t seek out conflict, but she was no shrinking violet—she could be vocal when it came to standing up for someone else, according to her friend Ricky (last name withheld by request). “There was a time two boys were saying something inappropriate about her sister, Allison, and Tammy chewed them a new asshole,” he said. “It was a ‘Don’t fuck with my little sister’ kind of conversation.”

 

Shortly before she disappeared, Tammy was also involved in a fight in which she was defending her brother Josh. Ricky has vivid memories of their mother asking him to train Josh how to defend himself. For years, Ricky had taken taekwondo with his neighbor, Chang Choi (the guy who taught the martial art at his Boston Road studio).

 

“There were obviously some issues going on with Josh, and they were concerned enough to talk about it openly and to think that fighting was the answer,” said Ricky. “I never trained him—Tammy disappeared around this time.”

 

*  *  *  *  *  *  *

 

Ricky has lately been a man on mission, determined to shed some light on this murder mystery, asking people from his old neighborhood countless questions, trying to create a buzz about this cold case, and getting increasingly frustrated in the process. “I can’t even get them to write anonymous comments on the blog posts,” he said. “Most people won’t text or email me—they only talk face-to-face. They all want nothing to do with this case, and said they would deny ever talking to me. They say, ‘Oh, you’re the guy talking to Hell’s Acres.’”

 

So, what’s with code of silence?

 

Because people aren’t willing talk, there seems to be little traction on the case. There have been exceptions; in 2005, someone from the neighborhood texted a tip to police that in 1994 Tammy told a teen relative of his that she was pregnant, and was upset about it. In 2018, a woman texted to investigators that she suspects that her now-dead father, who had molested dozens of children, might have been involved in Tammy’s murder. But for the most part, there has been radio silence.

 

The question is, why?

 

I’m not entirely surprised that Tammy’s friends aren’t dying to talk to ME, the Sixteen Acres blogger. I’m a snooping old man—15 years older than these youngsters. And I’m not from their neighborhood.

 

But the disturbing thing is that they’re not talking to ANYONE. What are they afraid of? Ricky has one possible answer: “Everyone seems to know a guy who could have killed Tammy, and they’re all worried that person didn’t act alone.”









 



*  *  *  *  *  *  *

 

One day, in 1994, Tammy and a friend made plans to ride bikes with other friends, but she had yard work to finish first. She was out back raking leaves with her mom, so he started helping. “I remember thinking I was so cool back then,” he said. “I had my Huffy ‘white heat” 12-speed and Orlando Magic jacket, and I was ready to ride around and impress everyone. I was such a dork.”

But Tammy wasn’t very happy that day. She had just changed her hairstyle and didn’t like the way it looked. “Someone had told her it looked like a Q-tip,” he said. “I couldn’t relate. My hair at that time looked absolutely amazing. I no longer had a mullet. We called my hairstyle ‘the horse’s ass.’ I had a two-inch-by-four-inch patch of longer hair above/across my forehead, and shorter spiked hair behind that slop, with faded shaved sides. I also used enough hairspray and gel to create a rock-hard, hurricane-resistant wave of hair that appeared to flow effortlessly from the front towards the back of my head.”

So being the supportive friend, always knowing the right things to say (not), he decided he was going to cheer Tammy up. “It’s not that bad,” he said. “It looks nice. It reminds me of my grandma.”

Tammy stared at him in disbelief. “I tried to explain that’s not what I meant—I really meant it looked like a perm or reminded me of a perm, not that she actually looked like my grandma,” he said. 

But it was too late. She said, “You little bitch!” Then, she pointed the rake handle at him and said, “You better watch it or grandma’s gonna shove this rake up your ass.”

At that point he totally lost it and burst out laughing. She swung the rake at him a few times and he fended it off. “Then, she did the thinkable,” he said. “She reached out and messed my hair up. I was mortified. She knew it took me 20 to 40 minutes to place every hair in the perfect location. She looked so happy after that—so proud of herself.”

He told her he had to leave. “I couldn’t believe what she did,” he said. “I let her know my life was officially ruined.” She said, “You poor baby. Does grandma need to give you a hug?”


He told her, “Yes I do need a hug and I’m going to tell my mom,” he said. She kept laughing. When he saw her mother towards the front of the house, he called out, “Tammy messed up my hair.”

Sue yelled back, “Tammy knock it off.” After cleaning up the yard, he and Tammy rode their bikes to some friends of hers on Rosewell Street. All was forgiven.

 

*  *  *  *  *  *  *

 

I related the above story to show the humanness of Tammy, which had been lacking in past reports about her murder. Tammy was not exactly a saint. I know from several accounts that she was sexually active—not exactly promiscuous, but let’s just say she had friends with benefits. She had a good personality, but if you got her dander up, you definitely knew it.

 

I had figured that the raking story might prompt someone might step up with information—that a friend or acquaintance might say, “You know what? Fuck it. I’m coming forward. I’m doing the right thing.”

 

But who am I kidding? The code of silence seems to be an impossible one to break in this case.

 

I can write about Tammy’s personality to no end—and I should, because it gets lost in the narrative. Still, it has been nearly 30 years—and not only will no one come provide any relevant information, but also no one from the neighborhood is even willing to discuss the case—at all. And that is really weird.

 

“It’s almost like she’s a forbidden subject,” said Ricky.

 

Again, I ask, why?

 

Well, it could be that the last person to see her probably didn’t want to get involved in the case in 1994 because he was a scared kid—and now is a nervous adult with a family who doesn’t want to get pulled into an investigation. He or she might have confided in friends back then, but now none of them will touch this case with a 10-foot pole.






In 2019, when Ricky was contacting people about the case, a detective (at least he identified himself as a detective) appeared at his door and asked him to stop—to let him and his colleagues do their job. “He hinted that something was going to happen with her case,” said Ricky. “I took it to mean that Tammy’s case was either going to be solved or some new information was going to be released soon.” The man cited Massachusetts General Law Chapter 286, Section 13B, which prohibits intimidation or harassment of witnesses and persons furnishing information in connection with criminal proceedings—anything that would impede or interfere with an investigation. This prompted Ricky to cease and desist. That was four years ago—as far as we can tell, there has been no earth-shattering break in the investigation. So Ricky has recently resumed his inquiries.

 

And why not? Now is the time to shatter the code of silence. If not now, when? The Lynds family deserves an answer. If you—or one of your friends or family members—saw something, say something. If you know something—ANYTHING—text an anonymous tip: text the word CRIMES (2-7-4-6-3-7) and type the word SOLVE followed by the information. Or call the Springfield Police Homicide Unit at 413-787-6355.

 

Silence, in this case, is not golden. Silence is fear and complacency. Don’t be silent when people are desperate to hear from you.

 

Read Part 1



Read Part 2



Read Part 3



Read Part 4



Read Part 5



Read Part 6



Read Part 7



Read Part 8



Read Part 9



Read Part 10



Read Part 11



Read Part 12



Read Part 13



Read Part 14



Read Part 15




Read Part 16




Read Part 17



Read Part 18


Read Part 19



Read Part 20



Read Part 21



Read Part 22



Read Part 23



Read Part 24



Read Part 25




Read Part 26



Read Part 27



Read Part 28



Read Part 29



Read Part 30


Read Part 31


Read Part 32



Read Part 33

14 comments:
Agawamian said...
I guess that her remains were too far decayed to determine if she had been pregnant at the time that she was killed?

It's been 29 years at this point, so it's weird that nobody feels comfortable sharing what they know or remember about those months. Are they worried about implicating themselves, and if so, in what?

One thing that strikes me: I was still living in the area at the time, home from college on summer break. I would have been working like crazy that summer (at Friendly's) but still, I don't remember hearing a single thing about this case. Did it not get a lot of coverage? Does anyone remember? This was only two years after Lisa Ziegert, so you think that there might have been some parallels made.


June 18, 2023 at 6:03 PM
Anonymous said...
I saw on Facebook that this was fake. This story really is totally cliché. People like subtly and details and your character development kinda stinks. Is it lost on your readers that all of this started to heat up pre-covid and this name begins with R Ricky character was being fleshed out beforehand and now he’s back and out for Justice. Please don’t tell us there’s going to be a showdown between Ricky and the killer, the brother who never lived up to his father’s expectations and has been silent for 30 years. The father raised them on Lamont st (Lamont meaning law man)and has been covering for his son all along and they all meet for a final encounter on fox rd, (Fox meaning sly or cunning) and your Ricky the sign of hope. Does this end with a paranormal video of Tammy’s ghost waving goodbye to her friend and someone saying game over? Siskle and Ebert would give this movie two thumbs down. It’s a real stinker

July 3, 2023 at 4:50 PM
Hell's Acres said...
If you google it, you'll see it's a real unsolved murder. What the hell are you smoking?

July 3, 2023 at 4:56 PM
Anonymous said...
That's the weirdest comment ever.

July 3, 2023 at 5:01 PM
Ricky said...
Maybe this person is right. Some aspects of Tammy’s story really need an explanation, a true time line isn’t available for public viewing, there are no facts in this case as far as readers are concerned. I’ve nagged this Hells Acres (History of Sixteen Acres area of Springfield, MA) blogger about all my questions, and all he’s been able to offer me are similar rumors and whispers. No one feels comfortable coming forward and telling their side of the story. And I don’t blame them, a
Dangerous person could be reading this right now, why would they come forward on a blog site, hopefully they reported anything they remembered to police. I ignored all of this advice blogger’s advice, he offered me zero clues, so I kept on digging myself. All of the blogs have led to people leaving comments all over, that have led me to videos on HBO of all places. Then this guy comes up with a list of all these convicted, rapist, molester, pedophiles and I can’t help but ask more questions, You’re right, I know I am to close to this situation, I shouldn’t be the one asking all of these questions, I don’t see how I can justify stopping. No one answers any of your questions either. How can I not be curious what’s on those recordings? How come the D.A.’s office didn’t share it with us? Are people refusing to talk about Tammy, because it will expose other predators too?
I encourage all comments, I know we don’t all agree on these paranormal videos, but I not going to lie and say I haven’t walked by that area and reached out like I had the force, hoping to sense something. It never works for me, it’s not that I don’t open myself up to the idea, but even that avenue dried up. How many kids were stuck inside and abused that summer, all because these predators found a missing girl poster and people were less likely to question why these kids weren’t playing outside? I’m the one that started telling people about the knife police had in evidence, and the things detectives asked me about and then some of the things I opened up about, showed up on YouTube. I told you all the stories from my childhood, then pop out blog after blog full information I’ve never heard of. No one has asked me or told me to stop asking questions. I can’t even keep track of it all, there’s so much information, it’s ridiculous. Maybe this isn’t just about Tammy, maybe she saw something she shouldn’t have or was a part of something bigger and now it’s like- The game’s afoot, huh? Are all these people paranormal people involved because I told my stories? I know I mentioned all of these peoples names right before all these videos came out. Then people got questioned and one of them put out their own paranormal caught on camera video, unknown to those around him. The grim reaper was upset that this guys package came destroyed and wanted to watch him open it. Just happened to get caught on the ring-cam. I’m sorry I joked about this stuff with people. I just can’t help being a wise ass. Nobodies ever spoken up and said I’ve been wrong or totally mistaken about anything. Maybe people are as overwhelmed as I am about everything here. Where do you start? What are the right questions to ask, to get people talking?

July 4, 2023 at 12:43 AM 
Ricky said...
It does make me feel uneasy realizing that all the these stories probably originated with me in one way. A friend told me about Tammy being pregnant and police finding a fetus. I was blown away when I heard that, of course I wanted to know more. Now I’ve learned that it might have been a police officer that put that idea out there. It wasn’t passed around from friend to friend until I started telling everyone around me. The sneakers, clothes, jewelry, the police told me that had all of it. They never showed, me so I couldn’t describe it’s condition or the colors. But it’s all basically the same stories I’ve been talking about. Even my stories about watching Star Trek TNG with Tammy, led to a kids goofy Nick name being used to track him down and scare him away by accusing him of hiding something. Now there’s one less person willing to step forward and share any memories of Tammy or possibly shed some light on the bigger picture. Two people have told me for years that my name was the “only” name listed in Tammy’s diary. Then I learn that was a lie and there’s a real possibility that Tammy never snuck out at all, she was dating someone and hiding it from her parents. Is everything a lie? Did someone match up names and addresses of the people I talked about, just to accuse people Tammy would need to use fox rd in order to get to their house? This is my story, some of these comments are obviously from people I talk to, but let’s be real, no one would be able to write any comments, make any videos or post any blogs about Tammy, if I hadn’t been open and honest, sharing all of my ideas and memories from day one. You wouldn’t have started writing these follow up blogs, if I didn’t contact you, I wouldn’t have kept searching if you weren’t pumping out all these follow up blogs, there’s obviously more here than meets the eye.
I would love to take a step back, but all this silence is screaming at me to keep pushing forward.

July 4, 2023 at 12:44 AM 
Ricky said...
The state of her remains are just a guess. A fellow classmate wrote she was found “badly decomposing”. An official answer to a couple questions would clear a lot up.

It’s kinda understandable why people are so quiet, after seeing how fast these blogs are popping out, people in that area were abused, not just sexually, but physically beaten and emotionally scarred as well. There’s a lot of trauma to work through, it’s not easy to talk about this kinda stuff with a therapist, let alone with strangers in the internet.

I’ve always found this lack of coverage very suspicious. From day one my friends and I were told to stay away from the Lynds. I thought it was bizarre, our mothers went to high school together, our families were friends. We weren’t allowed to be a part of any searches or allowed to ask if there was any news. My family and I used to go away for 2 week in August, but I can’t remember if we did that year and if we did, what weeks those were. It could’ve smelled and I missed it. It never smelled when I rode my bike down the path “right next” to the area she was found. I know people say it was out of the way in other comments, but that spot was next to the side of the road and a path to the top of Grayson dr.


July 5, 2023 at 10:39 PM 
Anonymous said...
I think it’s weirder that no one had anything to say to that follow up… Holy 💩 ⚽️ 🏀

July 8, 2023 at 8:49 PM
Anonymous said...
You are an idiot this is a person who was loved and is missed by her family . You are a bad human to say that

August 15, 2023 at 3:28 PM
Anonymous said...
At least we bothered to read all of these blogs posts and probably single handedly helped get this whole train rolling, you should be thanking us- fellow anonymous person or persons. We lite a fire under these guys rear ends and now we’re getting some real evidence and facts. Hell whoever you are, you need to read all the comments and all these blogs and Facebook. Fact is stranger than fiction: we couldn’t make this up if we tried.

August 15, 2023 at 9:06 PM
Anonymous said...
Maybe this is a long shot but how about the phone company? What was it Verizon home phone back then ? We only had a home phone, they should have been able to trace who she was calling? Maybe maybe not idk? Maybe some numbers have fake names too if they were written down by her ? I used to do that .

August 17, 2023 at 1:18 PM
Anonymous said...
The phone records should’ve been obtained right after Tammy’s body was identified. I heard years ago that the Lynds reported someone prank calling their home during the time Tammy was thought to have run away. It was said that someone even took it a step further than the normal hang ups and actually pretended to be Tammy and said she was now living in Florida.

August 18, 2023 at 10:07 AM
Anonymous said...
I’d be very interested in revisiting the phone records for the days before and those prank calls in the months afterward . Whoever called her out that night likely either did it , or was a part of it if it was murder . I’d need those records if it was up to me to look. God bless this family
#justicefortammy

August 23, 2023 at 5:52 PM
Anonymous said...
How mortifying it must’ve been to learn that Tammy’s hair was short because her own mom ripped it out during a fight.

March 8, 2024 at 9:24 PM