Saturday, July 22, 2023
The 1994 Fox Road Murder Mystery, Part 5: A Father's Frustrations


Richard Lynds has a three-ring binder that is three inches thick, filled of keepsakes no father should have to collect: information on his daughter’s murder. It contains such content as statements from Tammy’s friends, the final pages from her diary, her autopsy report, her death certificate, and lists of people she knew. 

He and his daughter Allison, frustrated at the lack of progress on the cold case—from the very start, actually—have pretty much conducted their own investigation over years. And he points out, with much chagrin, that evidence collected on the murder is missing—disappearing as inexplicably as her daughter vanishing into the night on June 21, 1994.

 

“The DA’s Office has told me that everything that was collected off Tammy, and the entire diaries of Tammy, are missing,” he said. “This all has been missing since just before December of 1994.” Tammy’s skeletal remains were found in the woods on the side of Fox Road on November 4, 1994.

 

If this is true—and there is no reason for me to believe that Richard is lying about this—the case has officially become beyond bizarre. It seems to rival the Kennedy assassination in the number of unusual scenarios posed. The deeper you dig, the weirder it gets, and the darker the rabbit holes become—from the possibilities of an overreaction to news that she was pregnant—to a slaying to prevent her from testifying in an assault case—to a satanic ritual killing. And everything in between. Richard has gathered various recollections from people who knew his daughter, and there are suspicious fingers pointing everywhere, but no one has provided any firsthand accounts or any answers to why she ended up dead.






The police shenanigans began, according to Richard, when they didn’t take Tammy’s missing person case seriously. Then, in January of 1995, when his now ex-wife Susan went with Tammy’s cousin to the police headquarters so the latter could answer some questions, it was apparent that the file was extremely disorganized, and they treated Susan with something between indifference and rudeness.



Then, on February 7, 1995, Richard and Susan were asked to go to the police station, and they brought a folder with all their research on the case. Instead of going over the couple’s file, however, police interrogated them, and Richard was asked to take a polygraph exam. He later agreed to do so—three tests—and the results were inconclusive.



This was seven months into the strange saga of the Tammy Lynds case. Nearly 30 years later, people who knew Tammy pose their own theories about what happened to her, but no one has come forward to fill in the blanks. So all the Lynds family has now are the same unanswered questions they had in 1994. There seems to be no progress in the investigation.

 

Was Tammy pregnant?



What we had up to this point were third-hand accounts of Tammy telling friends she was pregnant, and a rumor that a fetus was found in her skeleton. However, according to her anthropological examination (below), there was no fetus, but her bones had premature epiphyseal closure (or growth plate fusion) may have been a result of her scoliosis condition, although this “premature suture closure can also accompany early teen pregnancy.”






Tammy’s diary around the time of her disappearance reveal a 15-year-old girl looking for love. “One of these days I’m going to find that person,” she wrote on August 9, 1993. She reported twice that she might be pregnant, and her reaction vacillated between happiness and trepidation. On June 14, 1994, a little more than a month before she vanished, she discovered she was going to have a baby.

















 

Blunt Force Trauma?



The cause of Tammy’s death was undetermined, with no injuries detected, but the autopsy report revealed that “a number of teeth were not present in the socket and were uncovered at the scene.” Richard insists that because some of Tammy’s teeth were found under her skeleton, an assault must have taken place. “Teeth do not fall out of the skull after death on their own,” he said. “Blunt force trauma is how they would have been removed.”












Adding to the Lynds’ aggravation was the long wait for the autopsy report—more than a year after her death, and after several requests for it.






 

On the night she went missing, her 10-year-old sister Allison said Tammy left at midnight and said she would be back at 3:00 a.m. Richard thought Tammy was planning on meeting her boyfriend named Ricky, but after the murder it became apparent she was dating others as well. “From the various notes of Tammy, a boy named David was the one she was dating, having sex with, and was planning to sneak out of the house to go see late at night,” said Richard. Tammy was close with a couple of Davids, but Richard said he knew which David she was seeing—she went to a high school dance and an ROTC prom with him—and Richard once gave him a ride home from the Lynds house. “Tammy was with me on that trip,” he said.

 

Mysterious Figures 



When Tammy left her home on July 21, Allison looked out the window and said she saw “two males, wearing baseball caps, who were behind a large storage crate that was located in a neighbor’s yard near the fence gate that Tammy had exited through,” said Richard. “As Tammy walked to the street and headed south, these two guys came out from hiding and stood in the street, watching Tammy go down the street.” Allison did not know how old these two individuals were. She didn’t determine if they proceeded to follow her sister—she had quit watching when Tammy was out of view. One of the baseball caps was white, and one was black. That’s all she remembers.

 

Richard and Allison’s research, based on contact with Tammy’s friends and acquaintances, reveals some astounding claims about Tammy’s fate. But as far as we know, they are not witness statements, so their veracity is unknown. Here are some of the assertions:

 

One of Tammy’s friends reported that Tammy allegedly was heading to a party on Lamont Street on the night she went missing and stayed there until Monday, July 25. Allison had said Tammy apparently didn’t bring anything with her, but five days is a long time to wear the same clothes. Did Tammy grab a backpack with necessities? Or did one of her friends supply her with backup clothes? Did she buy clothes? The evidence does suggest a change of wardrobe: “Allison told me that Tammy was wearing all black that night,” said Richard. “In the autopsy report, it is written that Tammy was wearing blue jeans, with a manufacturer name tag on it.” According to the same report, a black shirt was found, but it was unclear if Tammy was wearing it. 



In fact, on Saturday, July 23, 1994, Richard walked over to what he thought was the party house and started shouting for Tammy to come out. “I was yelling at the wrong house,” said Richard. “An older woman came out of the house, telling me that there was no one there named Tammy. She told me to get lost or she would call the police.”



In the missing person report, Tammy indeed wore all black that night:











If she wore all black when she left the house, this does indicate a change of clothes because she was found wearing jeans.

 

Other Potential Evidence



On June 21, 1995, nearly a year after the murder, Tammy’s mother Susan, Tammy’s brother Josh, and Michael, the brother of Tammy’s old boyfriend, found a blouse in the Fox Road woods. When they showed it to Allison, she “turned pale and said, ‘that’s the one Tammy was wearing.’” The Lynds tried to submit it to police for testing, but it was rejected because the possible evidence was contaminated. She said the police also refused to meet them in the area where they found the blouse, and told her they would only accept any such evidence if it were handed over through a lawyer, which they couldn’t afford.



In 2018, the DA’s Office informed Richard Lynds that “an object that was found was with Tammy but not from her,” said Richard. That object turned out to be a human fingernail, and tests were conducted in 2013, but no human DNA could be extracted from it:






It has been well-established that a knife—something like a carpet cutting-style tool—was found under Tammy’s skeleton. There was an insistence that one of Tammy’s friends—and perhaps someone she was intimate with—had given her this instrument to protect herself shortly before the night she died.



And then there’s a friend’s declaration, according to notes from Susan, that a conversation took place about Tammy being the victim of a satanic sacrifice performed by friends of hers who dabbled in witchcraft. It was mentioned that Tammy was also into witchcraft, a dead cat was discovered hanging from a tree near the scene, and that a pentagram was found (drawn?) under (or around?) Tammy’s skeleton. Susan also noted that this individual, in relating this and other information to her on several occasions, acted strangely and avoided eye contact with her. This is one of two mentions among Susan’s notes of multiple people killing Tammy.



There is also an account from a friend of Tammy that when he was 14, another friend—who knew Tammy—stole a small amount of heroin from his a drug-dealing relative. “He wanted me to try it,” he said. “Me being the dumb kid who wanted to fit in so badly, I did it and go so sick I ended up in the hospital.” So I guess there is always the possibility that Tammy died of an overdose, if drug use was more prevalent in this neighborhood than previously thought. Richard insisted that Tammy didn’t drink or take drugs: consistent drug use tends to give a father telltale signs, unless an overdose was the result of a onetime experimentation. Adding to the rumors are comments published at the bottom of my last blog post that indicated Tammy knew too much about a neighborhood drug operation and someone might have wanted to silence her. 



Prior Attacks



What is NOT hearsay in this case is the fact that Tammy was a victim of ongoing assaults from Central High School students. She was beaten up at school and on her bus by several teens, along with an incident in which Tammy and her boyfriend were threatened with a knife—and that there was a court date of October 14, 1994 for the assault complaint. The student who pulled the knife went on to have an extensive criminal history, including charges of armed robbery with a gun, rape, larceny, and cocaine possession. To be sure, legal action could have provided a motive for an aggravated assault—or murder—to stop her from further testifying against others. The following is the Tammy’s description of one of the incidents:







Richard said police told him he himself had been eliminated as the prime suspect when he showed the contents of his binder to them in 2013, but that hasn’t prevented him from being a thorn in the side of law enforcement as he advocates for justice for his daughter. He has also alienated some people from the old neighborhood by contacting them through Facebook to glean information. 



Among Richard’s most controversial claims is that evidence in the case was buried alongside his daughter. “I have requested to have Tammy exhumed, because I think everything is in her casket to prevent anyone in the future to have the opportunity to examine and test these things again,” he said.



This might seem a bit farfetched, because the best way to destroy evidence is to burn it or make it disappear another way—where there is no way it could resurface with an exhumation— but a grieving father is insistent that important evidence lies in Tammy’s coffin, and that the case file Susan saw in January of 1995 was just a bunch of paperwork quickly and haphazardly thrown together. At the very least, he pointed out, more sophisticated testing could be done on Tammy’s remains. Richard has been in touch with the DA’s Office victim/witness assistance program, but he said he was told that they would not put in an order to exhume Tammy.



With all this wild speculation by people about what could have happened to Tammy, it is important to remember that investigators want to look at the murder from the point of view of not what is possible, but what is probable. Everything under the sun is possible, but only some scenarios are probable. And, as Carl Sagan once said, “Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.”



As far as we know, this extraordinary evidence remains to be seen. That’s why Richard was told by investigators that that the case will remain at a standstill until people start to talk. So he’s depending on one or more heroes to come forward. He’s been waiting for this for 29 years, and that’s why he’s been rattling cages. At 66 years old, he doesn’t want to wait any longer, and who can blame him?



Read Part 1



Read Part 2



Read Part 3



Read Part 4



Read Part 5



Read Part 6



Read Part 7



Read Part 8



Read Part 9



Read Part 10



Read Part 11



Read Part 12



Read Part 13



Read Part 14



Read Part 15




Read Part 16




Read Part 17



Read Part 18


Read Part 19



Read Part 20



Read Part 21



Read Part 22



Read Part 23



Read Part 24



Read Part 25




Read Part 26



Read Part 27



Read Part 28



Read Part 29



Read Part 30


Read Part 31


Read Part 32



Read Part 33

9 comments:
Hell's Acres said...
Hi folks,

I'm TIRED--so very TIRED--of beating around the bush on a murder that should have been solved 29 years ago. So now I'm bringing up a name--Jason Francis, also known as "Jay" and "Lumpy." He was a troubled young man whose woes continued into adulthood, and he died of an overdose in 2021. He lived at 84 Gresham, diagonally behind Tammy's yard on Lamont Street.

What secrets he took to his grave is beyond me, but I know he had spoken of this murder prior to his death. For all I know, he was an witness or accomplice. That's what I've been hearing. If he had talked to anyone about the homicide of Tammy Lynds, feel free to enlighten me. My email address is hellsacres@gmail.com.

July 25, 2023 at 7:55 PM
Matty Matt said...
Hmmm...diagonally behind her house?? Maybe he was watching, knew she was leaving and followed her. I think he was little bit older than her from what I read. Maybe he was one of the guys in a white or black cap. If he was involved in some way, I don't know why people can't come forward...he is deceased. Can't hurt you now. But, this seems to be a case in which a lot of people probably know what happened, but nobody is stepping up. I agree..very frustrating.

July 26, 2023 at 8:18 PM
Anonymous said...
Okay I’ll bite… What the hell is going on here???
Did she really leave these huge gaps in her diary???
Why is there no mention of any game being played between these guys???
How did this girl keep all of this a secret from her family???

Who took her to get tested after that first pregnancy scare? She didn’t say she took a test. She wrote got tested. Do you have medical records to cross reference these dairy dates???

What’s with the huge gap between the last dairy entry and the last night she was seen?
You once posted a horrible pic of a diary entry from the week before she went missing, it had that remark about being followed past a bar, why isn’t that here with these entries???

This may sound dumb, but when I was younger, a neighbors dad joked about running someone over with his pickup truck. There was blood and clumps of hair. Looking back now, he was probably on a hunting trip. It was long before 1994.

Did anyone remember hearing a bar patron talking about hitting an animal while driving home that summer or stories about people seeing any suspicious activity in that area???

July 28, 2023 at 1:57 PM
Anonymous said...
These guys do tend to be a tad melodramatic. I really hope there is an unbelievably amazing reason we’re all being made to wait. That Jay Francis audio teaser was posted 2 years ago according to that Momma Rock YouTube page.
Jay died May 2021. That video was posted July 22,2021
Tammy’s father is in that same video, I can’t believe Lou and Momma Rock didn’t share that audio with him… Is this Rock group a bunch of pranksters, preying on families looking for answers???

July 28, 2023 at 2:41 PM
Hell’s Acres said...
Regarding that last unpublished comment: if you’re going to allege that someone was the last person to see Tammy you’re going to need proof.

July 28, 2023 at 8:55 PM
Hell’s Acres said...
If you have audio, post it.

July 29, 2023 at 6:08 AM
Ricky said...
This comment has been removed by the author.
July 30, 2023 at 7:24 PM
Anonymous said...
Seems like this case is back to a stand still, the Lynds don’t want to talk right now. Everyone please leave a message.

October 18, 2023 at 2:30 PM
Anonymous said...
What happened to all that talk about audio recordings?

November 21, 2024 at 1:32 PM