Thursday, April 13, 2023
The 1994 Fox Road Murder Mystery, Part 2: More Questions Than Answers


New developments in an old case: the names of boys who Tammy was “seeing” around the time of her death, a knife that was found at the scene, an earlier violent assault on Tammy, and the possibility that she was pregnant.

 

On November 4, 1994, almost four months after 15-year-old Tammy Lynds snuck out of her house at midnight, her skeleton was found in the brush just off Fox Road in Springfield.

 

Nearly 30 years later, and more than a decade since I wrote Part 1, the homicide remains unsolved, with very few revelations. Here’s one of them: after Tammy’s sister, Allison, said that Tammy was supposed to meet someone the night she went missing, police interviewed the very person Tammy allegedly had named as her potential rendezvous partner. A pair of detectives spoke to the boy in his backyard, away from his parents. At that point, her whereabouts were still unknown.

 

“The two officers told me they already knew what Tammy and I had been doing together,” he said. “They said she wrote a detailed description of everything in her diary,” and as long he told the truth, “I wouldn’t get in any trouble and they wouldn’t tell my parents. So I told them.”

 

His voice was quivering, and he was shaking as he told them about the “inappropriate kid stuff” he and Tammy sometimes did when they were alone. He was nervous, because after all, he was only 15, and a girl was missing. “Then they asked if they could look around,” he said. “My parents agreed—we had nothing to hide.”

 

Ricky (last name withheld by request) still had nothing to hide when he was pulled out of a classroom after Tammy’s remains were found. “I was called into the office at school and I had a picture of her shoved in my face,” he said. “Then they brought me to the station for questioning.”

 

In the almost three decades since the murder, those following the case have believed that a key to solving the murder is determining who Tammy met with that night. But Ricky said it wasn’t him. 

 

In fact, more than just about anything, Ricky would like this murder solved—because he and Tammy were friends.

 

At times, life hasn’t been easy for Ricky, who has multiple medical conditions, including hyperthyroidism, and he is on permanent disability for an untreatable genetic skeletal muscle disorder. Still, among all the difficulties of his of his childhood and adulthood, one of the most frustrating tribulations has been losing a friend to murder, and then seeing her grieving family in limbo all these years.






Ricky knew Tammy well—he had dinner at her house on occasion, he attended Our Lady of the Sacred Heart School with her, and they remained friends, even though after graduating from OLSH she went to Central High School and he went to Putnam. The murder had a chilling effect on a typical group of adolescent friends who tried to break up teen boredom with the usual activities and shenanigans.



“Tammy would read comics in my basement with me and my cousins at times,” he said “We all would ride the trails in the woods around North Branch and up and down the side streets off Sunrise Terrace when she came around. Tammy even came over and swam in our pool with my cousins and my mom at least one time that summer. There were occasions where a bunch of us would play video games together. We used to talk on the phone about all kinds of random stuff, like Star Trek. She loved Star Trek.” Tammy, who was interested in astronomy and wanted to be an astronaut, had talked enthusiastically with Ricky about comet Shoemaker-Levy 9, which was about to hit Jupiter in the summer of 1994. “We were excited to get our driver’s permits,” he said. “We also used to prank call people all the time. I was the number one offender, saying whatever stupid stuff came into my head.”

 

Tammy’s death left a void not only with her family, but also her friends. Ricky felt it immediately. “My mother dropped me off to see the movie Star Trek Generations alone in West Springfield that November of 1994 after Tammy was found, because no one else I knew liked Star Trek,” he said.

 

To this day, Ricky doesn’t know who else was questioned by police about the murder, except for a 13-year-old neighborhood boy who had commented to another kid that the skeleton that was found, which was still unidentified, was probably Tammy. Detectives were told about this remark, and they went to his home. “I guess his mom let the cops talk to him alone,” and the boy broke down and cried. He knew nothing, recalled Ricky. “I remember his older brother laughing about how swollen his little brother’s eyes were,” he said.

 

The next time Ricky was interviewed was in 2012, when police were re-investigating the cold case. He told them all he knew. Again, he had nothing to hide, and he doesn’t to this day. 

 

In Ricky’s correspondence with Allison over the years, she told him she believes that the person who lured her sister out of the house on that fateful night had pretended that Ricky wanted to see her. Supposedly, her friend Owen (not his real name) had also asked her sister if she wanted to spend Friday night (the following night) roller skating at the Interskate 91 rink in Wilbraham, but her parents said no.

  

Several years ago, a paranormal investigator—who in videos has tried to contact Tammy’s spirit for clues—interviewed her father, Richard Lynds, who said on camera it was his understanding that Tammy was romancing two boys simultaneously at the time of her death: Ricky and someone named David. “She was playing a game between them,” he said. “All I know is Tammy was dared out by somebody.” Based on her diary, Richard Lynds had originally assumed it was Ricky—Richard and Tammy’s brother had pedaled their bikes over to his house and talked to him, his mother, and his siblings on the day she was reported missing—but apparently David is also someone to consider in this mystery.

 

Ricky had never heard of David or Owen. “I don’t recall Tammy ever going roller skating or talking about it either,” said Ricky, who went to Interskate 91 a lot with his brother, friends, and cousins.

 

Murder Weapon?

 

In 2020, one of the paranormal investigator’s videos publicized for the first time what might have been the murder weapon: a knife that was allegedly found under Tammy’s remains. Richard Lynds described it as something like a carpet-cutting knife—more of a tool, with a removable blade.

 

Police had also showed Ricky the knife when they brought him in for questioning. “It was in a paper bag along with her rings—I remember because they said they took them off of her bones—and some clothing item I can’t recall, he said. “The knife was rusty, with a wooden handle and a dull tip. It wasn’t a sharp, sturdy knife.” Until the YouTube interview with Richard Lynds, “I was always under the impression that the knife and other trash were found in the general area, and not directly under her body,” said Ricky. According to Richard, some of his daughter’s teeth were found under her corpse as well.  “I would imagine a forensic doctor should have been able to tell the difference of someone’s teeth getting knocked out before or after they died,” said Ricky.

 

Ricky pointed out that the knife could have been part of the roadside trash that was plentiful at the scene, but for some, a knife found underneath a murder victim is simply too much of a coincidence—and who can blame them? Police have never released the cause of death—or even if it had even been determined.

 

Was Tammy Pregnant?

 

There is also the possibility that Tammy was pregnant. Ricky had heard this through secondary sources—hearsay from relatives of Springfield police—and that some of her girlfriends knew she was pregnant, but this is unconfirmed. If true, this could certainly provide a motive for murder—a dreaded conversation that might have enraged the father of the child, or a jealous love interest. Can DNA be extracted from a skeletal fetus in an effort to determine the father?

 

The main unanswered question remains: Who was Tammy meeting with the night she went missing? “I don’t know of anyone who might have wanted to hurt Tammy for any reason,” said Ricky. He did say that Tammy and her brother had discussed Tammy being assaulted in school recently—an attack in which she was kicked by someone wearing construction boots and the incident resulting in a court case, according to Ricky.

 

In another one of the paranormal investigator’s videos, he explores the woods behind the area where Tammy was found, and discovers a depression he believes was a neighborhood party spot called The Pit. Richard Lynds believes Tammy was killed there that night and her body dragged up toward Fox Road. This leads to one of Ricky’s biggest frustrations: that Richard believes Ricky may have been involved in his daughter’s death—or at least knows more than he is letting on, or is protecting someone. Maybe he believes Ricky got his daughter into the habit of sneaking out at night, a practice that ultimately led to her murder—even though Ricky insists she never snuck out to meet him. Regardless, Richard’s suspicions almost led to a confrontation at a West Springfield bar.

 

Ricky used to sing karaoke at the bar, called Mingles, with his friends, when they saw Richard giving Ricky “the death stare,” he recalled. “Wherever I walked, his head turned. Mr. Lynds wasn’t trying to hide the way he felt either—you could see the hatred in his eyes. Thankfully cooler heads prevailed. Mr. Lynds was sitting to the right of the Megatouch machine by the front door. When I was getting ready to leave, he got up and also headed towards the door.” Ricky knew an employee working at the door, who told Richard, after he exited, that he wasn’t allowed back in. “I ended up waiting around another 20 minutes, then I left,” said Ricky. “I haven’t seen him since.”






And so it goes with the Tammy Lynds cold case. Aside from comments on various blogs, there hasn’t been much publicized about the murder, except for the paranormal videos and their online comments. There have been 15 of these videos so far, with some good interviews. Unfortunately, as the years go by, the Lynds family is frustrated that this cold case isn’t getting any warmer. The videos are “the only outlet they’ve had in decades to get their story out,” said Ricky. “What if someone watches those videos and then comes forward with some missing piece of the puzzle?”

 

Ricky is adamant that the answer to this confounding mystery doesn’t lie with him, but he is happy to help draw publicity to the case, because this might also prompt someone to offer a missing piece—which could lead to another piece, and so forth. It boggles his mind that no new details have officially been released—especially Tammy’s alleged pregnancy. “Can detectives really be holding everything back, waiting to hear one person slip about something so specific, they’re not willing to say anything at all?” he asked.



Those with any information about the case—no matter how small, or how insignificant it may seem—should call the Springfield Police Homicide Unit at 413-787-6355. People can also provide information anonymously through Text-a-Tip by texting the word CRIMES (2-7-4-6-3-7) and typing the word SOLVE followed by the information.



Read Part 1



Read Part 2



Read Part 3



Read Part 4



Read Part 5



Read Part 6



Read Part 7



Read Part 8



Read Part 9



Read Part 10



Read Part 11



Read Part 12



Read Part 13



Read Part 14



Read Part 15




Read Part 16




Read Part 17



Read Part 18


Read Part 19



Read Part 20



Read Part 21



Read Part 22



Read Part 23



Read Part 24



Read Part 25




Read Part 26



Read Part 27



Read Part 28



Read Part 29



Read Part 30


Read Part 31


Read Part 32



Read Part 33

19 comments:
Agawamian said...
Yeah, my initial thought was that Tammy was pregnant. If that's the case, however, couldn't DNA be extracted from the fetus and then tested? Then I guess you would need to do genetic genealogy to find the father but that would prove...what? Probably not enough for anything more than circumstantial evidence.

Also, that is a really weird story that Tammy's father saw her going out that late at night and said...nothing? I know that was almost 30 years ago, but 1994 wasn't all innocence and puppies in Springfield. Maybe the Acres was a bubble, but there was stuff going on.

April 19, 2023 at 11:57 AM
Russell said...
Where is the pit?

April 21, 2023 at 6:43 PM
Hell’s Acres said...
Hi Russell, it was supposedly in the woods behind where she was found, at the corner of Fox and Grayson. However, The Pit party area that I knew growing up was I the woods at the end of Moss Road, where Pheasant Drive is now. The latter woods I am writing about, which also had great log cabin built by Harry “Animal” Kukowski, were torn down over the years for housing—I’m not sure if this Pit existed in 1994. Maybe others know?

April 21, 2023 at 7:08 PM
Hell’s Acres said...
Sorry I didn’t make that clear—he didn’t know she was going out that night.

April 22, 2023 at 10:51 PM
Anonymous said...
Hi guys, I walked over to that pit area to measure it today. From where Tammy was found ,in a straight line through the swamp, it’s about 350ft, walking around, it’s 500ft, give or take.
This could have been a party area.
The entrance to the so called pit is facing the swamp and wouldn’t have been visible from the grass road that’s there today.
I don’t recall any path in that area 30 years ago.
There’s no place for a fire, maybe they used kerosene or propane lanterns?
The first time I was brought to this area, it was in the fall a few years ago and it was the middle of the day, it didn’t seem to worrying.
Anyone interested in taking a look. It’s located at the corner of Grayson dr and Fox rd. Facing west, walk past the logs and chain, up the grass road towards the pile of trash that has been there since 2021. You’ll see the pit just before the trash on the left, you can’t miss it.
It’s much larger than I recall, it’s easily 6ft deep and 7 x 7. It could’ve been larger. It’s hard to tell now that the roof is no longer intact, but it’s more like a cave or a dungeon. That paranormal guy didn’t dig very deep. I wonder if there are walls and a floor still under all the years of debris?
I got a totally different impression when I walked over to that area alone today. I can’t imagine crawling or walking into that cave room in the middle of the night. Or being stuck inside with someone blocking the only way in or out. That area doesn’t seem like a party spot.

April 24, 2023 at 8:37 PM
Hell’s Acres said...
Just watched the paranormal guy video again about him talking about a guy a few years older than Tammy who found The Pit behind Fox Road as a kid. He lived across the street allegedly.

It was quite a structure with rafters, carpeted roof liner, etc., and stocked with porn magazines. Supposedly used by two grown men who used to terrorize and chase kids in the area.

Anyone heard about this? I am naturally somewhat skeptical of undocumented stories. Can someone back this up? It was not an interview—just information that was related.

More importantly, was the structure ruins, reduced to a big hole over the years, a gathering area in 1994?

Let us know!! Every detail is significant!

April 24, 2023 at 9:12 PM
Anonymous said...
I grew up a street over from Tammy on Roswell & my main crew of friends lived on Lamont & Gresham. I remember that summer well I didn't know Tammy but had seen her around the neighborhood and remember that summer she went missing. Those summer nights we would ride our bikes to Greenleaf to watch summer league basketball games and play as they had lights. To this day I remember the night we were going to to Greenleaf and once we got to the bottom of Fox the smell was horrific a smell you never forget and I told my friends something is dead in those woods. We were 14 year kids and didn't know better but I'm sure many smelled the thing as we did, granted back then there wasn't many houses back there. I remember the downed the tree she was found behind, I think back maybe if we went to look it would of helped police catch the killer and I also think what effect on our 14yr old minds would that of had on us.. today 30 yrs later I bought a house on N.Brook & I told my kids about what happened on Fox road when I was a kid when we first moved in 15 yrs ago. Even though I didn't know her it bothers me that no one has been brought to justice, I can only think that someone in the area of Pine Point/16Acres is still walking around living their life or it could be someone I know as during those years there was a lot of kids and most interacted or knew of each other.

April 29, 2023 at 6:05 AM
Hell’s Acres said...
Do you remember which month you smelled this smell? Was it July or August. The reason I ask is because police believe she was killed there and was not moved, but some people theorize she was moved to that site to be more easily discovered. And there are others that bring up the (unlikely) possibility that she could had been alive for the rest of the summer or into the fall before she was killed.

April 29, 2023 at 5:46 PM
Anonymous said...
Has anyone ever gone back and talked to David Schmidt or his son? They might be able to shed some light on things.
Anyone ever check 911 logs for that night?
Could someone that area have reported screaming in the woods or any disturbances the night she went missing or perhaps nights soon after?


April 30, 2023 at 10:58 AM
Anonymous said...
Hell's Acres it was July I'd say it was very hot that and summer league was going on. I was going into my freshman year at Cathedral that fall. When she was found I remember being kinda shocked because we didn't tell anyone, but at 14 you don't process that it could of been something evil..I knew immediately it was Tammy

May 2, 2023 at 7:58 PM
Anonymous said...
No one has ever come forward and said they noticed any smells on Fox rd before, did you smell it more than one time? With wind patterns and the fact that there is a large field at the top of the road, it’s possible there was a tunnel effect. Did you kids avoid Fox rd after that night? Any extra details to help with a timeline. Would there still be logs from local police officers on patrol in that area from that time period? Did they document smells in their logs? What about complaints? Did people report any smells to police that were never investigated?

May 7, 2023 at 10:42 AM
Anonymous said...
The smells that summer on Fox road were actually investigated and the cops told the people that called it in that it was probably just a dead animal or the smell of the swamp.. if her body was there the whole entire summer somebody would have stumbled upon it the kids are going through the woods in and out going to summer school just hanging out in the woods

May 9, 2023 at 2:17 PM
Hell’s Acres said...
The commenter on May 2 says he smelled it in July. I didn’t know there were complaints about the smell.

May 9, 2023 at 2:41 PM
Anonymous said...
I know what we smelled night fox back then was very different than today, it was dark and used as a cut thru, there was one house at the end and a couple duplex's next street over from that house. There wasn't a lot activity in that area at all, there was no real path where Tammy was found. As kids we went all thru the woods in the area but not that far over as there were no real paths. But regardless of that I wish I would of said something but like I said earlier we were kids and it damn sure was a swamp smell on a hot night, it was something I never forgot or will 30yrs later.

June 29, 2023 at 3:20 AM
Anonymous said...
I’m curious how this smell plays into all this? Why doesn’t anyone respond to all these questions on all these posts? Why would it still smell like death, if there is no dead body in that area now? No one alerted this girls missing person search team leader about the smell? [that officer mentioned] Did they find any of those missing posters with her body? I don’t blame kids for being frightened and staying away. If you can smell it, you can taste it and it gets on your clothes. It’s to bad the family didn’t have a dog. It wouldn’t have mattered if there were no real paths anywhere near that area, a dog would’ve found her. Not ideal for the family but it could’ve saved valuable evidence. What did the D.A. say about the diary after their second look??? TELL US 😂😂😂😂😂😂 is anyone there???

July 5, 2023 at 1:43 PM
Hell's Acres said...
Yes, I would love to see much more of the diary aside from the snippets that have been shown. The diary might have shown Tammy's state of mind that summer and might get others to open up about what they remember.

July 5, 2023 at 1:55 PM
Anonymous said...
If you went down to that spot today it doesn’t smell the same. It makes me sick just thinking about this. The logs aren’t there anymore but it is the right area.

July 7, 2023 at 6:04 PM
Anonymous said...
What other things are in the statements from Tammy’s friends? Are there any links between the statements made and stories in her diary? That question about the missing posters gave me chills, did they find any near her body?

July 8, 2023 at 6:25 PM
Anonymous said...
Never in a million years would I have ever imagined you’d get copies of and be allowed to share what’s left of her dairy. This seems so long ago

March 8, 2024 at 9:59 PM