Monday, December 29, 2025
The 1994 Fox Road Murder Mystery, Part 33: The Blond Rapist



Above: the corner of Fox Road and Grayson Drive in the autumn

Did more than one predator strike three separate times—including a murder—on Fox Road over the course of 12 years in the 1980s and 1990s? Or was this all this evil the work of a single person?

In Part 32 of this cold case series I recounted a rape and an attempted rape on Fox Road in the fall of 1982—across the street from where the skeleton of 15-year-old Tammy Lynds (pictured below) was found in 1994.





The individual or individuals responsible for these three attacks escaped justice. Indeed, the two Fox Road victims in 1982 described a perpetrator who looked much different than the 19-year-old who was convicted of three other rapes in the area during that summer and fall.

The fact remains that police believed there were two men responsible for a total of five rapes and two assaults in the neighborhood that year. The brunet or dark-brown-haired predator who was sentenced to 8-10 years bore no resemblance to the attacker on Fox Road, who was blond and had a “stocky” build.

“The suspect does not generally fit the description of the rapist we’re looking for,” said Crime Prevention Bureau Sgt. Thomas Kelly shortly after the dark-brown-haired man was arrested. (Some thought he had medium-brown hair, depending on the light.) Police said they were still seeking someone who was blond—or had dirty blond hair. His other physical characteristics: he stood between 5-foot-7 and six feet tall, and he was in his late teens or early 20s.

Then, a month after police released this description, a blond, stocky teen was arrested for the second attack on Fox Road. But he was never prosecuted. 

It was my hope that by vividly describing the attempted rape of Rosemary (not her real name) on Fox Road in Part 32 I would prompt others to come forward with information about other possible attacks involving this dirtbag. That hasn’t happened. But a woman from the neighborhood did report a bizarre incident in the area involving a guy who was both blond and stocky.

She remembers one summer day in 1982, when she and her friend, both 17, were walking on the dirt road that connects the North Branch Parkway with the back of the Gateway Village apartments—a popular pedestrian cut-through that cars couldn’t access because its entrance at North Branch Parkway was blocked by the city with a log. It was still a convenient walking route because you could march through the woods to the Breckwood stores, including Louis & Clark and Dairy Mart, instead of going on the much longer treks on side streets or on Breckwood Boulevard.



“He drove by us going toward the log, but I don't think we were really paying attention,” she said. “Then we were sitting on the grassy side of the dirt road where the Gateway Village apartments are. He drove by again, and I remember thinking it was weird. Then, a few minutes later, he was standing at the side of the road across from us where the woods were. I don’t know where his car was. He was in his underwear.”

“What the hell?” whispered her friend. “Do you see that?”

Both girls agreed it was definitely time to leave. “He wasn't facing us, but was sideways to us. He wasn't looking at us—he was looking straight ahead. We kind of pretended we didn't see, and walked quickly back toward the stores.” 

Her memory is admittedly a bit hazy. “I am not sure if we went to Louis & Clark, or where exactly. I don't remember if a police car was there or if we asked someone to call.” She recalled both of them talking to a police officer, who proceeded to drive them around to see if they could find the freak. No dice—he had disappeared. “Then he drove us toward home. We happened to see my friend’s oldest brother, who was on the police force, driving in the opposite direction. The police officer stopped and waved at him. Her brother stopped and saw us in the back seat and did not look happy seeing his sister and I in the car, but then the officer told him what happened.”

She can’t remember what his car looked like. “I knew cars back then, and I'm pretty sure I would have known the make and model, and I would have told the police,” she said. “I would say the guy had blond hair, not short, but not as long as shoulder-length. I don't think he was a teenager. I had the impression that he was older than that, maybe in his 20s. I think ‘stocky’ would be a good description. Anyway, nothing ever came of it.”

Being from the neighborhood, she knew what the dark-brown-haired rapist looked like—she had a friend who knew him. So did Rosemary. Both said it wasn't him. They didn't recognize this blond dude at all.







The dirt road behind Gateway Village facing North Branch Parkway (above)
Stripping himself down to his underwear wasn’t exactly the MO of the Fox Road rapist, who had been fully clothed in his assaults and therefore better equipped to make a clean getaway. But who can predict what a pervert is going to do? Maybe it was the same guy, and he knew that if he attacked two girls simultaneously he would have been taking the obvious chance that one of them could escape and run for help, so he decided to just freak them out? He was certainly not averse to risk-taking behavior—dragging victims into the Fox Road woods in broad daylight was an incredibly bold move, but it’s possible he chose his targets somewhat carefully.

However, Rosemary, the victim of the second Fox Road attack on November 28, 1982, thinks her ordeal might have been a spontaneous act. I had mentioned to her that it was odd he wore such identifiable clothing as matching camouflage jacket and pants—which the police ended up finding in his room—and that he kept his glasses on knowing that they could be knocked off during a struggle. “It was probably not a planned event for him,” she reasoned. “The opportunity presented itself.”

Perhaps. But if I were a betting man, I’d wager all of it was premeditated—that he went out on both those days with the intention of victimizing a woman, or a girl, at the corner of Grayson Drive and Fox Road. Methuen Street, where the blond guy in the second attack was walking from, is surrounded by woods, which is an ideal place to observe the intersection unnoticed, especially if one is dressed in camouflage.

Strolling from Methuen Street, he crossed Grayson Drive onto Fox Road and pulled Rosemary into the woods on the corner about 10 feet from where the Tammy Lynds banner is now.




When two Good Samaritans stopped his assault on her, he ran through the woods up Fox Road toward North Branch Parkway. Rosemary thought he could have been heading toward the Colonial Estates apartments because she later learned that his family apparently had once lived there, so he might have known the layout of the buildings and grounds well. Beacon Terrace is the road that leads into the apartments, but to get to it, the route along the North Branch Parkway would have left him exposed. On the other hand, there are other ways to access the complex, which is next to Mary Lynch School.

“I do not know if he crossed at North Branch Parkway and continued through the Mary Lynch schoolyard and into the woods there on the side of the school that leads to the apartments, or if he crossed further up the road,” she said. “If it were me and I was trying to run and hide, it would have been the first way. He could have gone behind the school and no one would have seen him go to the apartments that way. He wouldn’t have had to run to Beacon at all that way.”

 

* * * * * * *

 

After Rosemary’s incident, the rapes suddenly ceased. Maybe the blond rapist was “scared straight,” but we often hear that’s not usually how it works with sex offenders. It’s presumed that these folks are difficult to treat and likely to reoffend—society has a long-held assumption that their recidivism is inevitable. That’s why there are sex offender registries. The truth is that the recidivism of sex offenders is difficult to measure. Can a leopard change its spots? Estimates of rapists’ recidivism rates are 14 percent at five years after a conviction, 20 percent at 10 years, and 24 percent at 15 years. Nevertheless, these numbers are undoubtedly low because relatively few sexual offenses are reported to authorities (20 to 30 percent of them). And for every 100 rapes and assaults of women and girls reported to police, just 18 lead to an arrest, and fewer than 7 percent of them lead to convictions, according to a UMass Lowell study.

With that being said, the guy who was arrested for the second Fox Road assault, judging by his Facebook profile, seems like a normal, loving family man. And maybe he is: “desistance” is a relatively new term to those who study sexual aggression, and it refers to a former predator “aging out” of offending. Stable jobs and relationships will do that to sex offenders—sometimes even without therapeutic assistance. Lo and behold, they finally figure out on their own that rape and molestation are not good things to do, or if they lack a moral compass, they are dissuaded from such behavior because it could land them in prison.

For all we know this guy reformed. He even has a decent career, according to his LinkedIn profile, and obviously being busy with a job, wife, and kids would make it difficult, but not impossible, to go out and victimize women and girls—although he didn’t get married until a few years after the Tammy Lynds murder, so I guess it’s plausible he might have acted out his dark side on Fox Road again in 1994.

A true psychopath can certainly appear normal, lead a double life, and return to the scene of his crime(s), reminisce, and strike again. Tammy’s skull wasn’t fractured, so she might have been stabbed or strangled, and let’s not forget that in 1982 the man held a knife to Rosemary’s throat to get her to stop struggling.

Still, it’s important to remember that this man’s guilt was never proven in court, and it’s possible he wasn’t responsible for the other Fox Road attack either. But I don’t believe in coincidences, especially since the incidents occurred two months apart, and there was also the guy in his underwear behind Gateway Village who also matched his general description.

 

* * * * * * *

 

I still think it was someone in Tammy’s orbit of friends and acquaintances who killed her and not a stranger. I have absolutely no evidence linking the blond rapist to Tammy’s murder. So I’m afraid I jumped into a rabbit hole and I brought you in with me, but I just can’t seem to get this blond guy out of my mind. The chance that he graduated from molestation to murder certainly can’t be ignored—yes, even 12 years later. I stare at his yearbook and Facebook photos and try to imagine what went on in his head to commit such savagery as an adolescent—and wonder if he had truly gotten the evil out of his system in 1982.

An FBI study revealed that 10-15 percent of the serial rapists they interviewed admitted to revisiting their crime scenes. Did he do this more than a decade later on a summer night and happened to see Tammy walking by? After all, it looks like he returned to Fox Road to brutalize someone again two months after the first rape there.

We’ll probably never know the answer, but I would love to see the case file of the attack on Rosemary to see why police immediately fingered this guy—and if it’s truly farfetched to think that a teen using a knife to quiet a victim during a rape attempt might, as an adult, be capable of killing a girl a dozen years later on the same road.

Rosemary stopped going to court back then—and the charges were dropped—because she was traumatized by describing her experience in detail. She didn’t want to relive the incident. Did HE? That’s the question.

Read Part 1



Read Part 2



Read Part 3



Read Part 4



Read Part 5



Read Part 6



Read Part 7



Read Part 8



Read Part 9



Read Part 10



Read Part 11



Read Part 12



Read Part 13



Read Part 14



Read Part 15




Read Part 16




Read Part 17



Read Part 18


Read Part 19



Read Part 20



Read Part 21



Read Part 22



Read Part 23



Read Part 24



Read Part 25




Read Part 26



Read Part 27



Read Part 28



Read Part 29



Read Part 30


Read Part 31


Read Part 32



Read Part 33

1 comment:
Anonymous said...
What next?

It’s clear law enforcement isn’t going to help look into this case.

I think someone with a law enforcement connection was responsible for Tammy’s death.

Maybe you should try a different tactic?

December 30, 2025 at 12:02 AM