Tuesday, December 9, 2025
The 1994 Fox Road Murder Mystery, Part 32: A Dozen Years Earlier

On September 17, 1982, a 27-year-old woman on a morning walk gave little thought to a jogger at the corner of Grayson Drive and Fox Road. It was mid-morning, so who expects to be grabbed by a complete stranger in broad daylight in the suburbs?

But the man, wearing a gray track suit, pulled her into the woods across the street from where the skeleton of Tammy Lynds, 15, was found 12 years later behind a log. The “jogger,” described as husky, medium height, with blond hair, raped and robbed the woman before she finally ran to a house and 10:07 a.m. and called the police, who responded with several squad cars but couldn’t find the perpetrator. She was treated in Wesson Hospital’s emergency room.

Residents of the nearby Partridge Drive/Finch Road neighborhood wondered if this was the work of the notorious rapist who had been preying on women and teens (five rapes and two assaults since June 1982) in wooded areas, including a place known as “the pit” off Finch. But the Fox Road attacker didn’t fit the description of the dark brown-haired 19-year-old who was arrested on October 29, 1982, pleaded guilty, and sentenced to 8-10 years for three of the rapes.

Was there another predator out there? Police believed there were “one or more” rapists. The question was answered a little more than two months later.

 

* * * * * * *

 

Rosemary (not her real name), who lived down the street from the Fox Road woods, was supposed to meet a friend, who was late, so the 14-year-old was walking alone. It was 1:00 p.m. on a Sunday afternoon, so she paid little attention to the youth walking toward her from Methuen Street, across from the intersection of Grayson Drive and Fox Road. After all, it was widely publicized that the area rapist had been caught. Moreover, this was her neighborhood, and she had walked there hundreds of times. It was November 28, 1982, and the guy who was strolling by asked her for the time. When she looked down at her watch, he stepped behind her, put his arm around her neck, dragged her into the woods, and put a knife to her throat.

“I struggled to get away, and he told me to stop or he would kill me,” she said. “Once in the woods, he pushed me down and jumped on top of me and straddled me. I was unable to get him off. I was very small—I don’t think I even weighed 100 pounds.”

As he was inappropriately touching her, a car stopped and two men chased him, but he was able to disappear quickly. The good Samaritans brought her home and they called the police.

But that wasn’t the end of it. Police had someone in mind: a high school student, and the composite drawing based on her description matched his face. He was blond, stocky, and had wire-rimmed glasses. She was brought to his high school by police the following week and there he was—she identified him in the hallway for the detective assigned to the case. “It was very scary for me to see him there,” she recalled. “When he saw us, he started to quickly try to leave the school, but they arrested him.”

She went to court hearings, which dragged on for several months. “I was young and scared to keep going so all the charges were dropped,” she said. “I remember being terrified to get on the witness stand and tell everyone what he did—where he touched and groped me. They made me say it very explicitly, and I was mortified and embarrassed. After that, I refused to go up and speak again.”

The assailant was wearing camouflage-style pants and jacket during the attack, and police found these clothes when they searched the student's room. He claimed he was at church at the time, but his alibi’s time frame didn’t match up with the Mass schedule.

“I will never forget what he looked like,” she said. When I showed her photos of him from his high school yearbook, she said the guy definitely looked like her attacker—the same facial features, face shape, hairline, the same part in his hair, glasses, and all. She had gotten a good look at him before he accosted her. “I saw his face all of 5-10 seconds as he walked past me and turned around behind me,” she said. 

Today, when Rosemary sees photos of Tammy Lynds, she thinks it’s remarkable how much the murder victim resembled herself at that age.


“I always wondered what would have happened to me if the car didn’t drive by,” she said. But she tries not to think about it too much, because she shudders at the possibilities: rape? Murder?  She has been thinking about it more lately, though, whenever she drives by the Tammy Lynds memorial flag on Fox Road, which has been up since April.



“I am still torn about not following through with possible prosecution,” she said. “I have felt that if I had followed through, maybe Tammy would still be alive. But I have no way of knowing for sure if it was him in either event. And even if it was, he would have done his time and been back out by then.”

Rosemary has never been a pushover despite her size. “I’ve always been a scrappy person—strong-willed and in control no matter how small I was,” she said. “I’ve always been so mad at myself that I couldn’t do more to stop him. I feel blessed that those guys went by when they did. I feel sad that I was so young and didn’t have the emotional strength to see it through in court. I do, however, wish I had more physical strength to have hurt him, maimed him, or given him some sort of permanent injury that he would never fully recover from. Then there would have been no question of his innocence or guilt. Then he would have to think about the pain forever.”

 

* * * * * * *

 

What’s particularly interesting about the 1982 attacks on Fox Road is not only the similar description of the assailant(s) and the fact that they were daytime assaults. There were also the “uniform-like” outfits in the encounters: both predators wore matching pants and jackets (a track suit in one, military fatigues in the other). In addition, there is a ruse involved: supposed “jogging” in the first incident (and dressing the part), and asking what time it was in the second. And get this: the suspect in the latter ambush was on his high school track team.

Before the Finch Road rapist was caught, police believed one of the attackers in the rash of rapes and assaults was a white male who had dirty blond (also described as “sandy blond”) hair, was between 5-foot-7 and six feet tall, and was in his late teens or early 20s. Several people in the North Branch Parkway area who resembled the description cooperated with police, went to department headquarters to be photographed, and they were later cleared. One officer conceded, “There are 500 people who look like that.”

Over the years it somehow became suburban legend that the youth who was arrested for “the pit” rapes was responsible for ALL the attacks. He wasn’t. There was/is another guy out there.

 

* * * * * * *

 

Is it a stretch to think that the sex offender on Fox Road in 1982 might have had something to do with Tammy’s death? A dozen years later is a long time, even if you believe that a rapist might return to the scene of the crime to relive the moment.

At present, there is no way of knowing if all this brutality on Fox Road was committed by the same person. Nonetheless, there are times when Rosemary can’t help linking the attack on her and Tammy’s murder. “Something in my gut keeps me thinking there is some connection,” she mused. “Maybe I just want there to be justice.”

Read Part 1



Read Part 2



Read Part 3



Read Part 4



Read Part 5



Read Part 6



Read Part 7



Read Part 8



Read Part 9



Read Part 10



Read Part 11



Read Part 12



Read Part 13



Read Part 14



Read Part 15




Read Part 16




Read Part 17



Read Part 18


Read Part 19



Read Part 20



Read Part 21



Read Part 22



Read Part 23



Read Part 24



Read Part 25




Read Part 26



Read Part 27



Read Part 28



Read Part 29



Read Part 30


Read Part 31


Read Part 32



Read Part 33

2 comments:
Anonymous said...
You should contact the Massachusetts State Police – Unsolved Homicide / Cold Case Unit

This is your best first lever.

Why:
• They are not subordinate to the county DA in investigative intake
• They can review patterns across jurisdictions
• They can reopen investigations without promising prosecution
• They care about process failures (especially old ones)

Key framing:

“I’m requesting a case review for investigative integrity, not prosecution.”

That’s a language they can’t easily dodge.

For reopening Tammy’s case

This is the cleanest angle:

“There is credible evidence that a separate sexual predator operating in the same area was never resolved, and that investigative closure may have been premature or incomplete.”

That invites:
• file comparison
• offender pattern review
• geographic profiling reassessment
• and modern forensic review (even if evidence is limited)

No accusation. Just unfinished work.

December 13, 2025 at 5:06 AM
Anonymous said...
This is the best suggestion I’ve heard…..It’s a great starting point, or restarting point!

December 13, 2025 at 9:36 AM