Thursday, May 29, 2025
The 1994 Fox Road Murder Mystery, Part 26: Roach


Roach (his nickname) is a shadowy figure in the Tammy Lynds murder case. Until recently he didn’t have much of a public presence at all, aside from a police record. Among his addresses was a homeless shelter in Northampton at one point.

He was tight with two other youths who had talked about their desire to hurt Tammy, according to Will (not his real name), who was one of their friends. The others were Jason Francis and Owen (not his real name) and all three were allegedly out and about together the night Tammy went missing.

 

In 1994, Roach was a foster child in the neighborhood who some classmates at Putnam High School, including a girl he dated for a week, found “creepy.” That opinion was shared by the children in his foster family, especially after discussing among themselves the possibility that he could have been involved in Tammy’s murder. They didn’t say he definitely did the deed, but they always had this feeling about it.

 

They also took into account that Tammy was together with Roach a lot, and that he was questioned by the police several times. Also, they thought he was a troubled teen, and he bounced around from foster home to foster home.

 

A few years ago, when Roach contacted a member of that foster family, what followed was an “awkward” conversation—they hadn’t talked since he lived with them. Roach said that back then he was a “bad kid.” The family member didn’t know how to respond.

 

And Roach certainly wasn’t an angel as an adult, getting busted for such crimes as assault and battery, assault and battery on a family member, larceny over $250, providing alcohol to a minor, vandalism, and “tagging property”—utilizing his artistic spray painting skills, I guess.






 

He was in and out of legal trouble, but then came the biggie: child rape charges. The police started investigating him a month after his wife filed for divorce, and now he’s serving hard time—undoubtedly made even harder because of what fellow prisoners think of child molesters, of course.

 

“He was a stoner,” recalled his late friend Jason Francis (pictured below), who died of an overdose. An individual looking into the case had a phone conversation with Francis in 2021 and he claimed Roach was his best buddy when they were teenagers, although his memory is hazy at times. Indeed, anything Francis said about anything—or anyone—wasn’t necessarily accurate because he got a lot of his facts wrong in the talk. Possibly his inaccuracies were an intentional way to distance himself from the details about the murder to avoid suspicion, or perhaps it was because he was as high as a kite on the phone.

 


 

“Roach listened to a lot of ska music and he used to be a skateboarder,” said Francis. “He also did roller blading and he liked playing hacky sack. He ended up getting married, he has a couple of kids, and he installs driveways. He ended up real big, which is funny because he was always a skinny kid in our neighborhood. He was my best friend. We were together like every day.”

 

Francis remembered Roach having a two brothers in his foster family, but drew a blank when asked about any sisters. He indeed had a sister, so one has to wonder how close he and Roach actually were. Then again, it bears repeating that Francis’s mind was pretty fried during the conversation. It sounded like he had just woken up.

 

However, he was right about Roach having two kids. One of them is intellectually disabled and his mother got guardianship of him when Roach was “homeless with no permanent address,” according to the Probate and Family Court document.

 

A woman who grew up in the neighborhood “didn’t like [Roach] at all,” she said. “I didn’t like anything about him. I still don’t know why.” She worked with his two brothers in his foster family at K-Mart. “They were good guys, but I didn’t like [Roach] so I didn’t pay him any mind,” she said.

 

Another woman who knew him better was kinder in her assessment. When asked how he integrated with his peers, she said, “He was just a kid trying to fit in. It was hard for him being an outsider, but every group of kids interacted with him.”

 

There aren’t many references to Roach in the extensive notes Tammy’s mother Susan took about the murder: she wrote that he is a friend of Owen (not his real name), a person of interest in the case.

 

On April 18, 1995, a friend of Tammy wrote a short memo to Susan listing Roach as one of “the kids you should be looking out for.” He wrote down the names of nine neighborhood youths, including Jason Francis.

 

To complicate matters, Roach had the same first name as two other guys Tammy had dated, so it was unclear which one she might have been seeing when she disappeared, since she often used just first names in her diary and when she talked to her family members.

 

Being a child rapist doesn’t make someone a murderer, but I’d love to find out what people found so creepy about him. Something like that is a visceral feeling, but often based on a disturbing truth about an individual. They were clearly correct that there was something not quite right about Roach.

 

* * * * * * * * * *

 





Vanishing into the Night

 

It may be a wild goose chase to try to retrace Tammy Lynds’ footsteps the night she disappeared more than 30 years later with little evidence to go on, but here goes nothing.

 

But first it’s important to note that not long after Tammy’s skeleton was found on November 4, 1994, the Lynds family focused on her friend Ricky Stebbins.

 

But in Part 4 of this blog I speculate about the possibility that Tammy might have been killed by a stranger who happened upon her on Fox Road or somewhere else. I wonder if this scenario was considered by Tammy’s mother Susan after police told her that Stebbins, who the Lynds family had believed Tammy was supposed to meet that night, was no longer a suspect. 

 

In her notes about the murder, on November 28, 1994, Susan mentioned Ricky being ruled out by police. In the months and years that followed, she named other people of interest in the case. But did she still think in the back of her mind that Stebbins might have been the culprit? Or did she also entertain the possibility that her daughter was randomly attacked while walking home alone? It is unknown—she made no determinations in her notes, except that the investigation was moving too slowly and wasn’t thorough enough.

 

Before Ricky was cleared by detectives, Tammy’s family was firmly convinced that he was the boy Tammy met at his house when she slipped out of her house unnoticed nearly a week earlier—a rendezvous Tammy wrote about in her diary:

 





 

On October 9, 1995, Susan, in her handwritten notes, pointed out that Tammy, six days before she went missing, snuck out to meet “a friend she had known all her life.” These were Susan’s words, not Tammy’s—Susan thought it was surely Stebbins, who she believed didn’t have the decency to walk her back home in the wee hours. “Tammy walked all the way to his home by herself this particular night, he never met her either going or walked her back home,” she wrote. “This gave him an alibi that he had never even seen her that night.”

 


 

“She did let a friend know of the excursion she was to undertake,” wrote Susan. But we don’t know who that friend was. It would be awesome if this friend could step up three decades later and expand on what Tammy told her about that night!

 

Susan wrote that Tammy had squeezed through her lover’s basement bedroom window, even though Tammy didn’t mention this in her diary. However, Ricky’s bedroom was in his cellar, so Susan assumed that’s how she got in his house, despite the difficulty of this logistically. That window was tiny!

 

“What really turns me angry is the fact he didn’t even care enough for our daughter’s safety to walk her home,” wrote Susan. “He had her climb into his bedroom window (basement)! It’s no wonder his parents didn’t know she was there.”

 

Susan thought that because Tammy had been harassed by bar patrons (according to her diary) when she went to the mystery boy’s house on July 15, 2024, she was instead to meet him a week later in front of the woods at the end of Gilbert Avenue, supposedly on a “dare,” by 1:00 a.m. Susan wrote that Tammy did this “believing she was going back to his house the back way”—down side streets—to what her mother was convinced was Ricky Stebbins’ home because Tammy told her sister she was going to see “Ricky,” who lived in that area on the south side of the Boston Road corridor. “No roads with bars on them so no harassment,” wrote Susan.

 


 

That walk, cutting through streets off Grayson Drive if they had avoided going through really dark woods, would have taken Tammy and the boy by the corner of Grayson Drive and Fox Road, the road she was found on.

 

Stebbins, however, insists to this day he didn’t meet Tammy on either of those nights, and they didn’t have plans to meet. Tammy was also dating another Ricky, so it’s possible she could have thrown his first name out there because her family knew Stebbins and liked him—they didn’t know she was seeing the other Ricky, and they didn’t approve of another youth, Owen (not his real name), who wanted to take her roller skating on July 22, but Tammy’s parents forbade this “date,” which reportedly angered that teen.

 

Did Susan think Stebbins walked Tammy over to his house on July 21 and then later let her walk back to home all alone? Maybe. She gave whoever Tammy was supposed to connect with the benefit of the doubt by giving him credit for meeting Tammy, but he was still the kind of guy who had no problem letting her walk all the way home in the dark, according to Tammy’s diary.

 

Tammy had always insisted that she’d never sneak out at night, wrote Susan. “No way would I do something so stupid,” she told her mother. “You’d have to be crazy to leave at night. You could get killed if not raped or shot or something.” (below) On July 15 Tammy evidently thought that being out in the open on Boston Road offered her some protection, until she was hassled by drunks.

 



Maybe Tammy told the boy she was afraid to walk along Boston Road after that—or was fearful of walking on deserted side streets for that matter. She had told her sister that night that this person would be angry if she were late, suggesting that he might have regarded it as a pain in the ass to sneak out of his house and wait for her by the woods.

 

In her notes, Susan wondered whether or not Tammy ever made it to the woods at the end of Gilbert Avenue, a known teen hangout. “We are getting to the point where we don’t feel she even got a chance to go thru the woods there, but probably more where she was found,” she wrote. “She could have believed that’s the way [they] were to go, but in fact he took her another way, which would bring her out almost in front of the road where she was found, by route of Methuen Street, straight across from Fox Road.”

 


 

Indeed, Tammy could have walked from her Lamont Street neighborhood’s grid of streets down to either Grayson Drive—or through side streets to Jennings Street, which leads to the end of Methuen Street. From there, she could have walked north on Methuen, which strangely turns into a wooded dirt path before being paved again, and then continues toward Boston Road.

 

This would have involved cutting across the dark trail on Methuen, but that way would have taken her to the side streets off Boston Road without having to walk past the Mattie’s and John Joe’s bars.

 


 



Did Tammy eventually get together with whoever she was supposed to meet? And if she did, was he her killer? If they met, the fact that he hasn’t come forward suggests he might have been the murderer, unless he didn’t do it, but kept quiet because he was afraid he might be implicated—if he was the last known person to have seen her, his parents might have advised him to clam up.

 

It would be informative to hear Susan’s theories on the murder, but I doubt we’ll ever get them. So all we have are her notes, which are meticulous and at times eye-opening, but are ultimately inconclusive.





Read Part 1



Read Part 2



Read Part 3



Read Part 4



Read Part 5



Read Part 6



Read Part 7



Read Part 8



Read Part 9



Read Part 10



Read Part 11



Read Part 12



Read Part 13



Read Part 14



Read Part 15




Read Part 16




Read Part 17



Read Part 18


Read Part 19



Read Part 20



Read Part 21



Read Part 22



Read Part 23



Read Part 24



Read Part 25




Read Part 26



Read Part 27



Read Part 28



Read Part 29



Read Part 30


Read Part 31


Read Part 32



Read Part 33

1 comment:
Spin369 said...
I know Roach is a monster. Has anyone considered he might want to get things off his chest?
He might be willing to share what he remembers about Tammy now.

June 15, 2025 at 2:02 PM