Monday, July 14, 2025
The 1994 Fox Road Murder Mystery, Part 29: "He Couldn't Hold It All In Anymore"



Nine years after Tammy Lynds’ skeleton was found a young man had to get something off his chest.



But was his story legit?



After the 15-year-old’s murder, from time to time her friend Ann (not her real name) would relay new information that she had heard about the slaying to Tammy’s parents Susan and Richard. For example, in 1997 a person told her he had seen Tammy three hours before she disappeared.



That’s how cold cases come to be solved—people’s attitudes change over the years and they end up offering what they know. But the sighting was never verified.

 

On May 27, 2003, however, Ann listened to a much more startling claim from someone else.

 

That night, Ann’s friend Anthony suggested that they drop in on a guy who we’ll call “Greg,” so they rode their bikes to his house around midnight. During their visit, Ann asked Greg if he knew Tammy. “That’s when he all of a sudden spilled all sorts of information about what really happened to our daughter Tammy,” according to Susan’s notes on the murder. “At first he hesitated to tell her. Then once he started (talking about) the episode that transpired he couldn’t stop because he couldn’t hold it all in anymore.”

 

Greg said his friend Doug (not his real name) had apparently called him the day after Tammy’s slaying. Then Greg dropped the bombshell: “Greg told Ann and Anthony that four to five people were involved with her death: Doug and Rick (or Rich) plus others,” wrote Susan.








 

Susan put “Rich” in parentheses because there were two persons named Richard in Tammy’s address book. Both had dated Tammy, and Ann was unclear which one Greg meant. Susan thought it was Ricky Stebbins.

 

So three days after this conversation, Ann told Tammy's parents what Greg had said. It’s unknown if anything came of it.

 

* * * * * * *

 

There is an odd story behind Greg: Susan’s notes indicated that he confided, possibly to Ann, that Tammy’s ghost contacted him. I’m not shitting you. “Two years after Tammy was murdered, Mike and (a) friend were walking in the woods,” wrote Susan “He asked his friend if someone was following us. He hears ‘find my killer’ (in a) softly spoken voice and he heard small footprints.”

 

Maybe that’s why six years later he allegedly spilled the beans? He couldn’t hold it all in anymore because he was literally haunted? This is where the case becomes…like…a movie??




 

OK, I’m not going to dismiss a paranormal aspect of this cold case because not only has it been there since Greg’s experience in 1996, but also due to the fact that videographer and ghost hunter Lou Rock used a “spirit box” to contact Tammy, which hasn’t solved the mystery but at least has drawn attention to it. Tammy’s sister Allison believes that Tammy is able to be contacted through the spirit box because her soul is restless. “I know she’s not at peace,” said Allison during an interview with Lou Rock. “I know she goes between where she was found on Fox Road to the house we grew up in on Lamont Street to where she’s buried. And she’s in limbo. Until she’s able to get closure, she’s never going to be at peace.”

 

And Ann is motivated to find answers as well, because she considered Tammy her best friend. “The thing that really hurt was that Tammy was buried the day before my birthday,” she said. “She was buried in November 18 and my birthday is the 19th.”

 

When asked if she thought the case would ever be cracked, Ann said Tammy sent her opinion on this scenario through a spirit box session. “Tammy told me I might be the one who can solve it,” she said.

 

A victim’s best friend blowing a case wide open? A pessimist would say this would be completely abnormal—especially factoring in the PARAnormal part. Then again, nothing about this case is normal. Absolutely nothing.

 

* * * * * * *

 

After reading Susan’s case notes countless times I can tell when she was excited as she wrote them, because she tended to veer from her usual cursive writing into printing with ALL CAPITAL LETTERS, sometimes leaving words out in a rush to get it all down on paper. And boy was she riled up after hearing about Greg’s assertion. She seemed to write herself a script of sorts for a call to the State Police, scribbling that Ann and her mother were “en route” to the Lynds home in Florence, MA—presumably to repeat Greg’s story to investigators. “We need police assistance on this,” was her plea on paper. “I have a lot of paperwork that relates to this investigation,” she wrote of her nine years of notes about the case.

 

Susan then listed Springfield Police Lieutenant William Noonan, Mayor Mike Albano, and the chief of police (Paula Meara) and a meeting at City Hall, as well as a “Nancy” from the Northampton Police. “I called her back many times because my hands were shaking,” wrote Susan—it’s hard to tell if the “her” she was writing about was Ann or Nancy.

 

It’s also difficult to discern whether the meeting at City Hall was something she was going to demand—or maybe it was in reference to a past meeting the family had with Noonan, Albano, and Meara on August 29, 2000, according to notes jotted down by both Richard and Susan:






 

So, did Susan get the police’s attention on May 30, 2003? Again, we don’t know.

 

Historically, the Lynds family did not have successful results giving tips they had heard to law enforcement. For example, on December 5, 1994, a month after Tammy’s body was found, her cousin April had heard “vital” information from classmates, so the police did send three officers to the Lynds home to hear April out. The officers said they’d get back to April, but they didn’t, so three weeks later Allison, Susan, her sister Sharon, and April went down to the station to make a statement.






 

On December 19, 1994, Susan asked to speak to a homicide detective in person and was directed to a lobby phone, which she was extremely uncomfortable using because there were people around. “So he finally agreed to come down to talk,” according to Susan’s notes. “He came down and led us outside the station into the cold to tell what we knew, and kept telling us, ‘I’m not familiar with that case and I’m not a homicide detective. I’m just a detective. You’ll have to take this up with Officer [Dennis] O’Connor in the morning between 8 and 8:30, but l’ll take any information and pass it along to Officer O’Connor.’” Susan responded that her husband tried to contact Officer O’Connor on many occasions, but he never got back with him. He informed her that she came at an inopportune time—detectives only work in the morning and are out on the road in the afternoon. 

 

“We felt like he didn’t really care one bit, and he didn’t take any notes while we were outside in the cold,” wrote Susan.

 

Back on December 5, Susan had shown the three cops a photo she took of Owen (not his real name)—who was a suspect in the family's eyes and who had been questioned by police—while he talked to Allison as they were skating together at the Interskate 91 roller rink the previous night. Susan had insisted that he was trying to intimidate her daughter. It doesn’t say what those officers thought of the photo, but this particular cop was unimpressed by it, feeling that evidence-wise, it meant nothing. “Since when is it a crime to talk to someone?” he asked.







Nonetheless, he said he would relay the information to Officer O’Connor. “We felt he didn’t care in the least,” wrote Susan. “This is very distressful to think I need an appointment to give information concerning my own daughter in her grave.”

 

Susan whipped out another photo—a framed picture of Tammy that had accompanied her casket during her wake. “Do you want see my Christmas present?” asked Susan. “This is it.” She added, “The reason we went to the Police Department in the first place is because every time we contact them they would not get back to us.”

 

She pointed out that the time they DID respond, when the three officers came to their house on December 5, 1994, “they knew Owen because they knew Owen has a record.” But Susan didn’t write anything more about that police visit.









Meanwhile, Susan was getting more and more frustrated at the police headquarters. “He said we weren’t able to come upstairs because it was crazy up there due to another murder they were investigating today,” Susan continued. She then asked the detective why Tammy was put on the back burner. “She was murdered too! And we just buried her and nothing’s being done.”

 

“Sometimes nothing can be done,” replied the detective.

 

That’s when Susan’s sister Sharon chimed in: “That’s because the police took their sweet time from day one!”

 

Susan noted that the paperwork on the investigation had been sitting on a police desk for five weeks. “If it had been their daughter maybe they’d work a little harder!” she opined. At times, Susan referred to herself in the third person in her notes, as if her experience with police would possibly be typed up into a narrative or affidavit, but these are the only notes that exist, as far as we know.

 

* * * * * * *

 

The family had about the same luck with police more than six months later, on June 21, 1995. “My son Joshua, friend Michael Theriot, and myself found a piece of clothing (a blouse) up the hill in the woods buried under the leaves around trees dried (and) bunched together, and very stiff,” she wrote.

 

“The detectives wouldn’t even send an officer to where the blouse was found at the woods on Fox Road,” she wrote. “I was told by Detective O’Connor that anything we want the police to have we have to hand over to our lawyer and have him bring it in.” Apparently he mentioned possible evidence contamination. “We don’t have the funds get a lawyer,” she added. “They cost $2,000 plus $100 per hour. We also need a private investigator.”






 

Susan noted that she had talked to a girl in a mall who had been taking a forensics class at UMass. She told Susan that if she wanted to have the blouse tested herself it would cost her a few grand if the State didn’t request its testing for evidence. “The reason we think it’s Tammy’s,” wrote Susan, “is because when Allison finally saw the blouse, she turned pale and said, ‘That’s Tammy’s blouse—the one she was wearing.’”



* * * * * * *

 

The point of recounting the Lynds family being rebuffed by police in the 1990s is because I believe this influenced their attitude toward going to law enforcement their new discoveries in the 2000s. They might have thought it was futile to speak out.

 

When Richard met with the assistant district attorney in 2013, the Springfield Police detective heading the reinvestigation was cc’d on the email prior to the get-together. I don’t know if he attended the session or whether Richard mentioned what Ann had discovered about Brian seeing Tammy there hours before she went missing—and about Greg naming people he thought were involved in the murder. Richard died in 2023 and I had neglected to ask him. During that meeting at the DA's Office, when he was told that the police files on the case were lost, he offered to let them scan his family's investigative notes, so presumably police have them. Yes, at times Susan's handwriting is difficult to read, and that is why I'm spelling it all out in the blog. Now it's out there for police to look into—in case they haven't. 

 

I’m still mulling the possibility of contacting Greg and asking him myself, but that puts me in danger of violating Massachusetts General Law Chapter 286, Section 13B, which prohibits intimidation or harassment of witnesses and persons furnishing information in connection with criminal proceedings—anything that would impede or interfere with an investigation. Ricky Stebbins was warned about this law in 2019 after he contacted people about the case, but so far no one has told me to cease and desist, so the beat goes on.

 

It bears repeating that some cold cases get solved when people eventually come forward with information because “they couldn’t hold it all in anymore.” But it also depends on these claims being investigated by police. After all, how many victims of unsolved murders finally get justice without the cooperation of law enforcement? 





Read Part 1



Read Part 2



Read Part 3



Read Part 4



Read Part 5



Read Part 6



Read Part 7



Read Part 8



Read Part 9



Read Part 10



Read Part 11



Read Part 12



Read Part 13



Read Part 14



Read Part 15




Read Part 16




Read Part 17



Read Part 18


Read Part 19



Read Part 20



Read Part 21



Read Part 22



Read Part 23



Read Part 24



Read Part 25




Read Part 26



Read Part 27



Read Part 28



Read Part 29



Read Part 30


Read Part 31


Read Part 32



Read Part 33

5 comments:
Anonymous said...
Which one of you was bragging about the mayor and laundering money with the mob out of that EMBR store in Boston rd?

One of you asked neighbors to point cameras at the doors to track how many customers walk in and out of that place and to track faces?

Are you guys nuts?

July 17, 2025 at 3:26 PM
Anonymous said...
Tammy was my cousin. It is deplorable that this case was never given the attention it needed.

July 24, 2025 at 10:20 AM
Anonymous said...
Can you tell us more about your cousin?

August 22, 2025 at 10:23 AM
Anonymous said...
I find it hard to believe that more people haven’t come forward.

If people don’t share information or express interest, nothing will be done.


September 10, 2025 at 5:22 PM
Ricky said...
It’s hard to believe it’s been 31 years today since they found Tammy.

It sucks that no one has been willing to come forward with anything new or has any stories to share.

Hope all is well Hell’s Acres

November 4, 2025 at 4:07 PM