
MOBILE USERS: TO VIEW A TABLE OF CONTENTS, CLICK "VIEW WEB VERSION" ON THE BOTTOM.
Monday, January 12, 2026
The 1994 Fox Road Murder Mystery, Part 34: More on the Blond Rapist


In Part 32, Rosemary (not her real name) turned back the clock to a fall day in 1982, when she was 14 and was ambushed by another teenager, who attempted to rape her at knifepoint in the woods off Fox Road. She will never forget his face—or his camouflage clothing.

His facial features were so imprinted on her brain that police had a composite drawing made from her description. After that, she picked his photo out of a police lineup book, so the next step was to make an in-person identification of him at his high school.

Police accompanied her there, and sure enough, the stocky blond youth was a dead ringer for the teen in the police sketch and in the photo book. As soon as he saw Rosemary and the detective, he bolted. “He seemed to recognize me, and he started to run towards the exit, but they caught him and arrested him right there in front of everyone,” she said. “They asked him why he tried to run,” she recalled. “He said he was nervous because he had been questioned in the past.”

 

* * * * * * *

To truly appreciate the context of this young man’s arrest, one must rewind to the fall of 1982, when Sixteen Acres was terrorized by a rash of rapes—five of them, along with two other attacks—in the wooded areas around Grayson Drive, Fox Road, and the North Branch Parkway. 

In fact, a little more than two months before Rosemary’s incident, on September 17, 1982, a 26-year-old woman was raped on the same spot Rosemary was assaulted. The culprit was described as blond, “husky,” and wearing a jogging suit. Was it the same guy? I guess a better question is: how could it not be? It’s hard to avoid this conclusion.

On October 26, during the height of the period of fear and anger in the neighborhood that autumn, police held a meeting at Mary Lynch School (pictured below) to update residents after taking over 30 calls a day for information the previous week. More than 500 people showed up, and police reiterated the description that had first been published in the Springfield newspapers on October 7: a blond or dirty blond-haired youth in his late teens or early 20s, muscular or stocky build, 5-8 to 6 feet tall, 150-180 pounds.


The four officers at the meeting were quick to dispel rumors that there had been as many as a dozen rapes in the neighborhood and that one of the victims was murdered.

On heightened alert, parents had been driving their children to and from school, and many women had stopped jogging and walking alone. Families were doubting that it was safe for kids to go out on Halloween. Men and teens were vowing to catch the culprit and give him the beating of his life. 

“The rapist better hope the police get to him first,” remarked one teenager, who said his name was Mark to a Springfield Daily News reporter. He pointed to two other youths walking along the woods next to the school—one was carrying a chain. “Everyone around here is prepared,” he continued.

Police told the crowd that they had declined to be specific about the incidents for fear of hampering the investigation, and they refused to comment about a report that they had entered a new phase in the case—one in which they were bringing victims into headquarters to identify suspects.

Police and the school’s Parent Teacher Organization had arranged this meeting partly because they were concerned about a vigilante mentality developing, and that someone could get hurt in the act of grabbing a youth they thought might be the perpetrator. In late October, a teen who bore a general resemblance to the description of the rapist was bothering two young girls near Mary Lynch School, which is on North Branch Parkway across from the southern end of Fox Road. A group of 20 men, including one armed with a shotgun, surrounded him.

“The kid deserved to be arrested, but he wasn’t the one we were looking for,” said a detective who was at the scene. 

This incident leads me to wonder—is it possible that Rosemary had picked the photo of THAT TEENAGER from the lineup book? The one she recognized must have done SOMETHING in the past to appear in the photo array. Did she describe someone who resembled boy who was surrounded—and then confirm that he was her assailant? This is conjecture on my part. Maybe she had described another known creep police had in mind. But if the teen Rosemary had pointed out was the one who had harassed the two girls, were police giving him a second look as a possible rapist?

How did they originally discount this boy as a suspect in the attacks? Did he have a sound alibi for some of the rapes and assaults? 

Then came the shocker: on October 28, 1982, police arrested a dark-haired 19-year-old for several of the rapes, but it was now clear that there had been two rapists out there, and one was still on the loose. 

This became painfully clear exactly a month later with the attack on Rosemary.

It was a chilly Sunday afternoon—1:00 p.m. to be exact. Rosemary remembers because the guy asked her the time. “No phones back then, but I had a new watch my father had just given me,” she said. Her watch was the last thing she saw before he grabbed her, put a knife to her throat, and her nightmare began.

“I’m wondering why I was the only one to go to court against him,” said Rosemary. But maybe his other victim(s) couldn’t make a positive identification or was daunted by the whole legal process, which, unfortunately, is incredibly exhausting and humiliating for sexual assault victims. It demoralized Rosemary enough where she stopped going to the hearings.

“I had to retell what happened over and over and very explicitly,” she said. “But worst of all was him staring me down the entire time. It made me so uneasy. I couldn’t continue on. If it were now, no question, I would just stare right back at him. I was so intimidated then by him and the entire thing. I remember crying to my parents that he must know where we live and that he could easily come back and get me. I didn’t feel safe. I went to Duggan School then and I had to walk to and from school every day.”

She had attended a couple of court sessions, but without her further testimony the case languished. “What’s difficult for me most is my own disappointment for not following through in court,” she said. “I’m a strong-minded person and very tough on myself.”

More than 43 years later she certainly has her regrets—that she didn’t scratch his face, for example, because he would have had a hard time telling police what caused the wound. Rosemary doesn’t remember what his explanation was when investigators found a camouflage jacket and pants in his room—the same clothes that she described him wearing that day. This kind of garb was not that common in 1982. Any defense attorney would struggle with that one, except to say that it’s not against the law to own this outfit, and it doesn’t put the teen on the corner of Grayson Drive and Fox Road when this attack went down—except it really does, doesn’t it? It’s just too much of a coincidence.

His getup, however unconventional, didn’t raise alarm bells with Rosemary at first. “I guess I may have found his clothing odd,” she said. “I guess maybe I considered it a military outfit when I first saw him. But then after he did what he did, I realized he was just trying to hide himself in the woods.” Fortunately, she was wearing a very noticeable deep red-maroon sweater with jeans. “I’m guessing that color stood out in the woods, especially in November with barely any leaves on the trees.”

She is thankful that was the case because two motorists noticed him pinning her down and they gave chase—to no avail, but at least they stopped the assault.

Aside from her description of his appearance and outfit, the other damning evidence was his panic when he saw Rosemary and the detective in school. This is not the normal reaction of an innocent person—a look of recognition and then a sprint to the door.

* * * * * * *

At times I feel conflicted about prying all this unpleasantness open when everyone else had put it in the rear view mirror a long time ago. Am I being selfish? Irresponsible? Even damaging? What if Rosemary made a misidentification? That's why I'll never name him in this blog: he wasn't convicted of anything. And, after all, my linking two vicious assaults on Fox Road in 1982 to the unsolved murder of 15-year-old Tammy Lynds (pictured below) across the street 12 years later is purely an exercise in speculation. It’s not even enough to build a theory on, let alone a police inquiry.

But Rosemary assures me that it’s not overwhelming for her to share her 1982 ordeal. She is no longer the intimidated girl of 14 and can now tell her story matter-of factly, and she believes the attack’s possible tie to Tammy’s slaying is worth at least a look. She can’t change history, but she if she can help move the wheels of justice forward, she will continue to do what she can. “It is what it is,” she said, “but I truly want her murder solved and the person caught.”


Read Part 1


Read Part 2


Read Part 3


Read Part 4


Read Part 5


Read Part 6


Read Part 7


Read Part 8


Read Part 9


Read Part 10


Read Part 11


Read Part 12


Read Part 13


Read Part 14


Read Part 15


Read Part 16


Read Part 17


Read Part 18

Read Part 19


Read Part 20


Read Part 21


Read Part 22


Read Part 23


Read Part 24


Read Part 25


Read Part 26


Read Part 27


Read Part 28


Read Part 29


Read Part 30

Read Part 31

Read Part 32


Read Part 33


Read Part 34




6 comments:

Anonymous said...

    Why do you think there isn’t any chatter about this case?

    I see new investigation pages popping up on Facebook and their posts get thousands of comments and likes from people all over the country.

    This case doesn’t even get whispers from these anonymous comments sections.

    Why?
    January 14, 2026 at 12:10 PM 
Anonymous said...

    Michael Demars
    January 14, 2026 at 3:45 PM 
Anonymous said...

    No one cares. lol
    January 17, 2026 at 6:11 PM 
Anonymous said...

    With all the sex crimes going on these days. I wonder if Tammy did get caught up in something authorities want kept quiet.

    Sexual predators on the police force doesn’t scream public safety.
    January 29, 2026 at 11:11 PM 
Anonymous said...

    What’s the next step?

    Have you tried reaching back out to anyone that knew Tammy?
    January 31, 2026 at 11:28 PM 
Anonymous said...

    This is one of those situations where I wish people were working behind the scenes to solve the case.

    How can people help?
    March 12, 2026 at 5:51 PM 