Opening Statement

Hi I'm Ricky- this is a Hampden county court house calamity introduction.

This is a two chapter story, that will start in district court involving a case of malicious damage
to a motor vehicle.
I'll talk about how i allowed my own evidence to be disregarded and the mistakes i made rushing 
into this situation. I'll talk about how I was led to believe there was no evidence against me 
and my medical issues weren't relevant in regards to the charges or my defense. i was so focused on 
officers denying me medical attention that i 
even filed a complaint before trial against those officers. i believed they had no right to deny anyone
 medical attention, regardless of their suspected guilt. I didn't know at the time that i had a 
untreatable/incurable genetic disorder that would force me onto permanent disability or that i also had 
undiagnosed hyperthyroidism which had proven to be a lifelong affliction for me until after these events.

and how after i was found guilty and ordered to pay for a broken window broken in this incident, 
i was informed that the driver involved didn't have insurance, they had a suspended registration, and 
that her vehicle had a rejection sticker for safety on it at the time of the 
incident and still over a year later, yet i struggled to get paper evidence. i had talked to registry 
employees and they weren't sure what was legal to give me and asked for court orders after telling them
my story, they didn't want to get in trouble and i didn't blame them.


 and how  9 months after my guilty finding on February 28,2014. i will make claims during a court 
hearing fighting this guilty finding, that i believe this information was intentionally deleted
 off of my police reports and i implied this was 
the reasoning behind my claims of officers denying me medical attention the day of the accident. i still
seem to think that this driver not having insurance mattered and that my health and safety should.ve counted 
i can show i had injuries, whether i got them from the accident 
or not is irrelevant, i didn't have them documented before and i was seeing drs all the time, but i
 had them documented after and being noted as not previously identified. This is what i was focused on.

i was so offended by everything everyone said about me and how no one believe me about the report missing 
information. i felt they should've seen this type of report before. then judge Hadley made 
a comment that bothered me. 
after explaining how my insurance would've covered the window since this driver didn't have it, judge Hadley
commented well that's whether someone paid for that damage. that's when i started pushing the clerks 
office to let me have a copy of the receipt. 

it wasn't until may, 2014 that i thought things were falling into place. clerk staff told me the 
statement i gave them didn't have the address, they also informed me there wasn't any notary or signatures.
they asked how i could prove i knew the information on the window receipt and since it wasn't on my
 statement anymore, they still refused to give a copy of that window receipt. but thankfully 
someone in the office did give me the address and name of the company
 that's how i found out my statement was altered.  

does it matter that someone in the court house altered a notarized statement that i presented to
 the first ADA i encountered on 1-17-2013? the pages deleted only contain my complaints of officers denying 
me medical attention and giving me an address. it was also electronically signed.

this is the most confusing part for me. after i discover this window was never paid for in 
may, i went back to court and told anyone who would listen, they had over a month to pay 
for it and make the original receipt with lower price disappear,
 i had no clue it was a different price than the ADA tells the judge 
during my restitution hearing
and hadn't seen that someone made a fake receipt , that has a paid for stamp on it, but was missing 
information from the original receipts.

i also discover the signatures on the original window receipts aren't same as the 
woman courts sent my check to and who was also able to get a
 harassment order against
me for reporting her for driving with a suspended license and without insurance and with a
 rejection sticker for safety.


this is going to end with a forgery charge in superior court, where I first ignorantly thought was concerning 
my altered statement that i alerted court staff to.

after discovering it was about the court order i complained about
, I was still positive I was going to win this case 
and clear my name in the district court case,

then i suffered a severe mental break down, most likely due to the medication i was taking from being
misdiagnosed with bipolar disorder and . i subsequently had to have a breast reduction in i believe 2016 
because of the reaction of these medications and my unknown hyperthyroid issue.   

.then less than 2 weeks after getting out of the psych-ward for the third time after suffering some 
sort of mental break down in September 2015.





2013-01-17:

not much here, i handed over my notarized statement.
got my black and white copies.




2013-02-28: this day I gave ada Johnston- Sheldon's original statement, a photo copy of the security guard statement( Walmart kept the original ), and copy of some receipts from Walmart showing that I indeed went back and video could be acquired. I also informed ada Johnston that I was on workers comp, and  receiving medical attention and seeing specialists for some undiagnosed physical issues. 

i informed her i wanted those officers reprimanded for not allowing me medical care. They had no right, no medical degrees to decide that for me and just because they're pre existing issues, doesn't mean it doesn't feel crippling.



2013-03-07: I went downtown springfield to file a complaint about those officers denying me medical attention. I handed them a copy of my notorized statement, a copy of sheldons statement and a copy of the walmart security statement. I didn't tell the officers i already got my medical results back, i wanted them to acknowledge it on their on. i signed a medical authorization form and gave those officers the names of my surgeons and primary care drs. 




2013-03-22: i was made to wait around for over hours after i politely told ada kj i was in severe pain, i was requesting a lawyer. ada kj told me i could be here until close, they didnt have any lawyers available and i couldnt leave until i was appointed one. so i told her i no longer wanted one appointed. she downplayed the seriousness of these charges, she knew i wasn't feeling well and she saw me as someone she could take advantage of. this isn't proof and alone isn't grounds for a motion for new trail. but clearly shows i asked for a lawyer and hours later for some unknown reason changed my mind. look to page 4 ada kj also claims complaining witness has an interest in the case page 5 Judge beattie clearly tells me to have any witnesses and evidence ready for the day of my trial. i choose to go to trial anyway. Transcript time 12:29pm





2013-05-01:

i agreed to trial. Ada kj played down the seriousness of my case, she told me judge Hadley denied me the information i had asked her for. she also told me i had nothing to worry about, i didn't have any priors and she doesn't know why Kishana cares so much. 

judge Hadley told me my jury was sent home by accident, i tried getting audio or a transcript of
this, but i was refused on numerous occasions crazy to think had i known information was intentionally deleted from my police reports, or if i had been allowed to get a closer look at those color photos i didn't know existed until after my trial started.


page 18 Kishana makes comment about color photo and mirror damage. that also shows a red sticker 
for safety and she knew about that. but i couldn't see it

page 33 strange look in my eye ( from waiting around in pain and freezing for over a half hour)

page 36 end of page, officer says i seemed unhappy i was (being denied medical attention and) being arrested.
and that i tightened up when cuffed( because of my injuries perhaps)

 page 37 admitted talking to two witnesses one was a security guard? and another person who couldn't be 
found.

page 37 into 38 officer admits not having any idea why i was in pain, then is clueless as to
 the severity of my injuries and openly mocks me with a comment about me being allowed to wash my 
hand is his version of medical treatment.


in officer Sheehan's testimony,  he totally leaves out what the Walmart security guard told him about my previous injuries and what i told him. the security guard statement is verified by police investigators a month or so after my trial, investigators confirmed i obtained a statement from that security officer and he stated he told them about my injuries. 

page 40  not allowed to read my statement. ada Johnston already had a copy, so didn't ask for or want another. 

page 43 ADA Johnston claims there isn't any proof damage was sustained, 
but i had provided proof to her in the form
of medical documents provided to me by my surgeons. i didn't have 
these injuries before this accident, i know this
because i was on workers comp being treated by these drs for months before 
encountering the Springfield police department

Page 50 Judge Hadley comments on the-not great quality of the video. he also says he watched it on
a smaller screen, which usually makes things harder to see. i don't understand why he wouldn't enlarge it.  also he states the two computers wouldn't with that video. 


page 51 ADA Johnston mocks? my mental state. 

page 52 ADA Johnston brings up her assessment of my mental state, then trying to make me out to be a monster
end of 52 ada Johnston takes about restitution being owed and not knowing the amount. they didn't have invoice.

page 53 ADA claims Kishana reached out to get the price of the unpaid window. wouldn't Kishana have known if she 
paid for it? it was picked up the next day. Kishana also knew she didn't have insurance. so why would she have left
before the insurance was verified, if she knew she didn't have it? 

page 54 Judge Hadley clearly says -I'll give the commonwealth ten days to provide any evidence ad here's the kicker-
IF they're seeking restitution. they didn't have to, they didn't have to make a phony receipt and lie about
 paying for it. 
Judge Hadley also says i was supposed to be provided a copy.  continued into 55 now he says statue requires restitution.


page 56 judge Hadley doesn't want me to seek any mental help for my issues- hyperthyroidism. ada Johnston was
 trying to push it




*****notes*****

judge told me jury was sent home early by accident,
i was sick and hurting. i was under the impression from the ada that i was 
fine and this was a technicality i had to go through.

officer mocks me with soap and water comment.

pg 52 how can anyone file charges against me, if you didn't know the price of or
if the window was ever paid for?





2013-05-10:

line 13 page 3 ADA Johnston says it was her understanding that
 your honor just wanted us to provide you with paperwork.
She never provided me anything.

line 19 page 3 I state i haven't seen a copy

lines 22-24  pages 3 ADA lies for whatever reason about the price of 
the window and how it was paid for.

line 20-25 page 6- judge Hadley claims that me having the name of her
insurance company is a civil matter. He knows that I can't just call every insurance 
company and ask if this girl has insurance with them.

page 7 line 24-25 I told judge Hadley i was unemployed. i was told that was correct by ada Johnston because i was on workers comp.
I'm still not working, but get disability. so I'm technically still unemployed. 

page 8 into page 9 I tell judge Hadley about my license getting suspended because of this,
how come i don't qualify for the Kishana Johnston plan of no insurance or reg or valid inspection sticker?
is it because i look like i need help?

page 9 4-11 how come Judge Hadley knows all the laws that can hurt people with invisible illnesses, but
he doesn't have any ideas about ways to help them? judge Hadley knows people can be charged for rubbing
dirty shoes on a car carpet in anger. this law really seems like something designed to attack people in group homes, people that have developmental disabilities or that have been abused. damage can amount to $1. and then peoples lives can be ruined by the commonwealth after this court date, i hired two lawyers, i was told by both attorney randy milo and attorney eric Applebaum that
 they were both denied a copy of that window receipt. i asked multiple times and was told they
weren't able to get a copy because of the information on it.

Eric Applebaum tried to file a claim with Kishana's insurance company,
it was rejected, because she didn't have insurance, but I'll get to that. ADA
 Johnston is going to mention me being denied this insurance claim 9 months from now, 
on court date- 2-28-2014 page 10
did one of these lawyers tell her they weren't going to help me and was feeding her my information? 

 what could i have done different?
no one has ever told me who i could turn to, someone that is honest within the court system.






2013-06-05:

I got the response to my complain, it's hilarious that those involved purposely left out 98% of my medical history. they could've used that information to at least attempt to explain their unlawful behavior. all my drs first judged me by my looks, they missed vital information that could've helped me in many ways. all of my issues are documented, whether i was able to describe them in a way drs understood is a different matter. i never lied to my drs, that's why i have all my answers today. Same officer who initially took my report handed me the R5




2013-08-08:

went down to complaint department asking for registration and insurance info. 
discovered officer who provided my report also tampered with it 
on 5-29-2014 after talking to Brandon at the registry 


I reported the complaint officers altering and leaving out medical evidence to the mayors office, the mayor was even in the office that day. it was just ignored.  shoulder MRI results arrived to dr march 5, I filed complaint on  march 7 that means police also lied in my complaint, they state I signed a medical release and that my xrays didn't show any signed of injury. of course not, the injury was on my MRI report. even my dr said I had full range of motion and thought I was exaggerating before the march 5-2013 results came back. Investigators can pick and choose what information can be left out of reports? this is ridiculous.





2013-11-07:

I ran into the security guard who originally spoke to me all those months ago was able to write me a newer statement along with giving me the original that Walmart still had on file. I gave copies of both of these to ADA Katharine Johnston this was a couple weeks before my shoulder got infected I shared everything I learned with my probation officer Janet Ely She told judge Hadley in a backroom meeting she also said I couldn't miss my FAKE anger management class, so i was forced to sit through that worthless nonsense, and then went to the ER after




2013-12-12:
i wasn't physically capable of doing anymore community service because of the surgeries i had and my illnesses. this is a problem for me, they had us drive from Springfield the time i did do community service to Belchertown and they had us clean up invasive bushes at a gun club where they hunted pheasant. I'm pretty sure the guy in charge and driving the bus lived there too.





2014-02-12:

amazing that I was attacked on the same street that someone in my case lived on but I wouldn't find out about that until sept 4, 2014. what did police do with the video from the day of my attack? I talked to the Manager Roger from napa and he confirmed that officers came and picked it up and he was able to see the black SUV involved in my attack and he confirmed people entering and exiting that vehicle that was waiting for me up near Boston rd. I wonder if it also showed someone driving illegally who lived on that street, just a couple houses away headed to court after my attack? 

IT'S A 2 MINUTE WALK from my house TO THIS PERSONS HOUSE, 463FT ACCORDING TO GOOGLE MAPS.





2014-02-28:


up until this point i still hadn't received a copy of the window invoice

page 3 i told judge Hadley about ada saying he denied my request. which she 
said also included the receipt because it had insurance info on it.
even though judge Hadley stated i was to receive a copy on 3-10-13

page 4 i bring back up the 12-17-2012 cancelled reg and insurance, judge Hadley never 
questions it or asks the ADA why Kishana wasn't issued a ticket. 

page 6 I bring up the R5 report i received from the detective doing my 
investigation against officers denying me medical attention. this officer also
alter the copy before handing it to me, i didn't know at the time, but the sticker
 numbers and date confirm her vehicle failed for safety and they knew. 

at the end page 6. judge Hadley comments, well, that's whether someone paid for that damage.
this is why i kept trying to get a copy of the receipt, so i could contact the window installer.
clearly judge Hadley states that paying for that window mattered, he said page 55 on 5-1-2013

page 7 told judge Hadley about ombudsman and he still acted indifferent. going into 8 and 9.

Page 10 sounds like the ADA openly mocking me, she brings up the rejected claim, it was rejected because Kishana 
was driving illegally according to ma state law. she had the paperwork, is she pretending to not
 understand how insurance works.

page 12  THE COURT: So, she wasn’t cited, she wasn’t charged, but
you’re alleging that somehow, the police would’ve - you think -
run her plate or done some --
MR. STEBBINS: I spoke --
THE COURT: -- hold on - done some further research, put
that in a police report, then erased it and that they knew it, it 
was in a police report, but it was deleted and not told to you? 
That’s your allegation, right?
page 13 first paragraph, ADA Johnston confirms that the registration should be there,
it was suspended and that isn't reflected in my police report.
its also missing the (red) rejection sticker for safety information.
she even claims there's no reason to believe anything would've been deleted
or that any information would've been withheld. 


page 14 ADA states how she would be surprised if officers deleted information,
she herself had information questioning my guilt and also forgot about it? and withheld 
statements i gave her, hoping no one else would read them. I still hadn't found my altered statement at this point. 

second paragraph she isn't correct when she says this report is a full and accurate representation
of what officers view, its hiding the lack of insurance, suspended registration and failed inspection.
Officers would have t be suffering from some sort of mental illness themselves
 to miss this information on their screens. because it's in the color photos in the docket. 
we'll get to that in 


page 19 Judge Hadley clearly remembers(absolutely crystal clearly) what he imagined he saw in that video.
perhaps he forgot his comments about the poor quality of the viewing equipment provided by the commonwealth,
the day of my trial.
I put the videos on Youtube for all to see. 
Does judge Hadley remember also saying I was supposed to be provided a copy of the invoice, that he commented 
might not have been paid for this very day. page 54-55 5-1-2013
what about 5-10-2013 didn't provide me a copy of that receipt





2014-02-20: 

over the phone i was made aware that my file was found and my judgement was already in the mail. 





2014-05-21:


at this point i was upset with judge Hadley when i received this court order, it was once again deflecting the insurance issue and window receipt. the fact Kishana didn't pay for her car window and i was constantly refused a copy of that receipt was the only thing i was focused on. so i tried to see another judge. if i had forged that court order, why not ask for the window receipt info that i already knew about?  I talked to both Jon gay and Edward kavari about all of this and they ignored me. i didn't know the receipt had a paid stamp on it either at this point or that the amount had been changed. 

all this could've been avoid had someone prevented me from seeing the actual receipts. it had already been over a year, no one thought to go pay for this window before i was able to acquire a copy? 

this is exactly the behavior i described when i claimed Kishana Johnson's insurance, registration and sticker information were intentionally deleted from my reports. 
when i called CJIS and spoke with whoever, it's noted that i asked not to print the entire order. 
i didn't want to involve someone i asked to look into this, after i found out she didn't have insurance
, incase they did look up her information when i called and asked him about my problem. running an R1 would've shown she had a suspended license from  days after my accident, if he ran her R5, he would've seen her failed sticker








2014-05-22:

clerk was able to get me a copy of my altered statement. i informed John Gay and ADA Edward Kavari. nothing was done.


court date for 5-27-2014 before judge Boyle



2014-05-27: 
Judge Boyle Ignored evidence i provided the court

I'd provided the police report, my unaltered notarized statement and the altered version, the fake receipt I found inside the court docket, the actual receipt I got from the window place, copies of my medical records, and the complaint from the civilian department, copies of this girls lack of insurance. I was dismissed before I could speak.





2014-05-29:


after a ridiculous amount of effort, i was able to get a registry employee to help get me legal copies of a registration/title inquiry without a court order. through this information i was able to confirm that Springfield police officers did in fact delete information from their reports. An R5 from the MA state troopers shows both police print outs have been altered by different Springfield police officers at different times for different reasons. i did this because i felt judge Hadley was trying to withhold information from me,  i wanted to prove how hard it was to obtain information and to prove i wasn't a liar.





2014-05-29:


as of 5-29-2014 kishana still hadn't repaired her vehicles safety issues from 12-08-2012 and was still driving around with a suspended license from 1-21-2013 due to 3 surchargeable offenses, failure to pay excise taxes to chicopee and was  required to complete a driver training course before she could get it back. that was over a year after she hit me and i had reported her for driving by my house multiple times, because i didn't know she lived up the street. yet nothing was done, police continued to allow her and probably couldn't stop for fear she might open her mouth.






2014-06-03:

ADA katharine Johnston 

what happened to my court date with judge boyle scheduled for 5-27-2014. ADA johnston hadnt found her magic court order yet, so it had to be put off? 

what happened to the original copy of the court order for the video from walmart that ADA Johnston had?? She only gave me a copy that i gave to walmart. ADA johnston also had originals of my statement that was notarized and Sheldons statement. she only had a copy of the security guard statement, because he gave me a copy and kept the original at walmart.

reminder: I was able to obtain the original statement from walmart security after i was reminded it exsisted by the report i got from police investigating my complaint against officers thomas sheehan and thomas douglas. i then went back to walmart for a copy and he handed it to me.






2014-06-03:

ADA katharine Johnston what happened to the original copy of the court order for the video from Walmart that ADA Johnston had?? She only gave me a copy that i gave to Walmart. 

ADA Johnston also had originals of my statement that was notarized and Sheldon's statement. she only had a copy of the security guard statement, because he gave me a copy and kept the original at Walmart. 


reminder: I was able to obtain the original statement from Walmart security after i was reminded it existed by the report i got from police investigating my complaint against officers Thomas Sheehan and Thomas Douglas. i then went back to Walmart for a copy and he handed it to me.



2014-06-13:

Christmas in June wasn't what i hoped.




2014-06-20:

sent conflict of interest, i was told because judge Hadley is friends with members of Kishana family, they don't want there to appear to be any conflicts of interest. her cousin works in the clerks office, sister works with the district attorneys office in some capacity. In the beginning I thought this case was because I caught somebody tampering with my statement. I had no idea it was about a phony court order at first. Seeing that my statement was notarized.





2014-07-09:

when i first learned of this forgery charge, i was super excited. i thought the courts were going to do something about my altered notarized statement with the forged electronic signature. When I met my first attorney Nolan he was super excited and thought this case was a slam dunk 





2014-09-09:

Kishana is able to get a harassment order against me. once i found out she lived up the street, i had contacted the Springfield police to report her lying about her address and using a fake address for her insurance and excise tax. they told me to go fuck myself.




2014-09-15:

I nagged Sheldon to write a statement for court.




2014-10-01:

i tried once again to report the illegal activity i found going on. courts denied my attempts at showing what i found. i also noticed the signatures on the harassment order and those  auto glass receipts were different, so i went to court and paid  for a copy of the check they mailed Kishana, so i could get a better look at her signature



2015-2016:




Attorneys John Nolan and Elaine Pourinski both agreed that my evidence was more than enough to clear my name of any wrong doing. attorney Nolan had to excuse himself  because of his friendship with ADA Katherine Johnston and it being a case she was involved in.

Attorney Pourinski even had an investigator corroborate everything I'd said in my previous statements in a 2015 meeting.

he even questioned me as to why i paid for the window, while we were all in her office. 

I told them that on 5-19-2014 Edward Kivari told me since the shop manager won't give me copies or write a statement, about the window( because he was worried he'd never get paid for it), he suggested that i should pay for it, then no one can argue restitution, because there is none. i also told ADA Kivari about the ombudsman Judy saying that i can call while in the court room and she'll just tell Judge Hadley himself that Kishana's r5 was accessed  

1-16-2013 at 2:49 and she can name the officer, that way i won't break any privacy laws, even though there's nothing private about it. it's just an officer name a time and a license plate number.

I never got to talk to Mr. Kivari after i was able to save enough to pay for the  window, i wasn't able to inform Kivari or ADA Johnston when i returned to court on 6-13-2014 when i was finally 

able to afford what i thought was $311.51, that the receipt was also a fake. the investigator was able to confirm that $245.94 was the amount submitted to the insurance company. The investigator even confirmed that i went back to the window repair company and annoyed the manager after discovering the fake receipt and different total. ( at this point i was unaware of the fake court order, and even when i first received the forgery court date, i thought it was because i found out someone altered my notarized statement deleting pages and electronically forging my signature. so i kept looking for more evidence to prove Kishana and the officers were hiding something. i reported my statement being altered to John Gay 5-22-2014, my file had been missing for some time at this point, i kept trying to get audio of judge Hadley telling me my jury had been sent home by accident, so i was regularly calling the court house and asking Paul in the office if he had any luck finding  that part of the audio from the day of my trial or if judge Hadley's ruling had come back on my motion for new trial)  I went down to the court house 6-13-2014 after paying for the window with all the paperwork the manager gave me and a statement he wrote stating Kishana never returned to pay for the window and didn't have insurance at the time of the accident. I tried to talk to ADA Edward Kavari or Katherine Johnston, I wanted to show someone in the ADA's office what i had found, but they both unavailable. 
this time while i was there, I was able to obtain a photo of the original receipt, someone in the office finally let me see physically the receipt on the counter ( instead of just telling me about it as had been the case for a year), but they still didn't feel safe giving me a physical copy.  In the photo you can see the fake receipt has a red paid for stamp and a date. at this point i know everyone at the court house heard me run my mouth as to what i had discovered. so of course i wanted to know why the amount on the receipt the auto glass guy gave me and the one that ADA Katherine presented to  Judge Hadley was different than the one i had just paid for. 

so I went back the net day because the manager wasn't in the shop when i drove by.

Needless to say, i probably didn't sound very polite when i asked why he gave Kishana a paid for receipt if she didn't pay for it, i wanted to know why he increased the amount of her receipt and . I'm pretty sure this is where i wore out my welcome. the Auto glass guy said he never gave me a price, i only asked if she paid for it and if i could pay for it and then ran off after i paid for it before he could say anything. 

he told me he already deposited it and aske me to leave. i tried to get him to write another statement and he kindly told me he was a religious man and thought i needed to let this go. that was the last i spoke with him The investigator even confirmed no one went back to the window company to ask about or pay for the window after i reported it down at the court house.


i believe those superior court judges, their prosecutor and my appointment attorney Elaine Pourinski showed depraved indifference to my plight.

they all took advantage of the fact that i was in and out of the hospital for multiple suicide attempts.

My health took a turn for the worst the end of sept 2015, i started to grow breasts from the medication i was given by drs, i still hadn't been diagnosed with hyperthyroidism at this point. i was taking medication for issues i was misdiagnosed with, then i spent time in the psych ward for a suicide attempt from cutting myself.


during this rough time my attorney Elaine Pourinski said the prosecutor made an offer of a cwof and that if i accept this, my previous guilty finding would be changed to a cwof as well and since it was over a year, would automatically be off my record. but i had to agree not to present the window receipt against Kishana and not to pursue any civil actions against any officers involved. i agreed due to my health issues.

December 2015 i again suffered some sort of nervous breakdown for no reason and attempted suicide again by swallowing hundred upon hundreds of all the depression/bipolar medication i was prescribed. i have very little memory of my time in the psych ward this time,  next thing i remember it's Christmas eve and I'm no longer in the psych ward.


12 days later Jan 5-2016 rolls around and the judge doesn't agree to the terms of the cwof.
  

i still wanted to fight the charge and was still willing, then Jan 19-2016 i suffer another mental break down for no apparent reason. i can recall putting a bed against the door and then trying to strangle myself with a sheet wrapped twisted around my neck as tight as i could get it, i leave the psych ward Jan 25-2016, i had another meeting with my attorney elaine Pourinski before my trial date of Feb. 5-2016 11 days later. before this meeting, in the hallway outside her office in Northampton, an older white male placed a hammerless revolver to my forehead and warned me not to move forward with my evidence. i was told to plead guilty.

I informed my attorney after the incident and she said there was nothing she could do to help me, i was still stubborn and wanted to fight the charges and she kept telling me how afraid she was not just for herself and her family, but for my safety and my families.

i didn't want to plead guilty, i was made to feel i had to plead guilty, that i didn't have a choice. i was told by my attorney the first judge knew about the fake receipt Kishana supposedly produced and about the police tampering with their reports, which the state police also proved for me. i felt so sick and didn't have anything in me after this last psych ward stay, less than 2 weeks earlier and with the thought of having that gun to my head so fresh in my sick mind. 

i plead guilty.

come to find out, i had undiagnosed hyperthyroidism all my life. blood test from jan 2016 -march 2016 can confirm even when i tried to kill myself back in 2005 can be tied to an episode of severe reaction to hyperthyroidism and a past blood test that was over looked proves it.

 since i was on workers comp at the time of the accident and for a short time after my first trial 2013, i was able to get a closed period disability payment for the time that i called to sign up for, this was right after i got off of workers comp.


then i discovered the reason for officers Sheehan's comment about my tightening up while being arrested, after being forced to stand around for over half hour in the cold with improper attire. 

turns out i have a untreatable, incurable genetic skeletal muscle disorder, not only was i right about having a problem, it was even worse than i could've imagined.

i tried to keep working after that, but kept needing surgeries and couldn't take time off,  i had to work with casts on. i got sick physically from all of that and filed for permanent disability and wasn't even allowed to complain about all my issues and they cold kill me, before the judge stopped me and told me not to worry about it and i would be getting permanent disability.

